# 759. Employee Free Time
## Level
Hard

## Description
We are given a list `schedule` of employees, which represents the working time for each employee.

Each employee has a list of non-overlapping `Intervals`, and these intervals are in sorted order.

Return the list of finite intervals representing **common, positive-length free time** for *all* employees, also in sorted order.

(Even though we are representing `Intervals` in the form `[x, y]`, the objects inside are `Intervals`, not lists or arrays. For example, `schedule[0][0].start = 1`, `schedule[0][0].end = 2`, and `schedule[0][0][0]` is not defined). Also, we wouldn't include intervals like [5, 5] in our answer, as they have zero length.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** schedule = [[[1,2],[5,6]],[[1,3]],[[4,10]]]

**Output:** [[3,4]]

**Explanation:** There are a total of three employees, and all common free time intervals would be [-inf, 1], [3, 4], [10, inf].

We discard any intervals that contain inf as they aren't finite.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** schedule = [[[1,3],[6,7]],[[2,4]],[[2,5],[9,12]]]

**Output:** [[5,6],[7,9]]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= schedule.length , schedule[i].length <= 50`
* `0 <= schedule[i].start < schedule[i].end <= 10^8`

## Solution
First, use a list to store all the intervals in `schedule`, and merge the overlapping intervals. This is done by first sorting the intervals in the list according to the start points in ascending order, then update the current interval's end time once an overlapping interval is met, and add the merged intervals to a new list.

Next, loop over the new list that contains merged intervals, which are sorted. For each pair of adjacent intervals, use the first interval's end time and the second interval's start time to create an interval of free time and add the free time interval to the result list. Finally, return the result list.
