# 208. Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)
## Level
Medium

## Description
Implement a trie with `insert`, `search`, and `startsWith` methods.

**Example:**
```
Trie trie = new Trie();

trie.insert("apple");
trie.search("apple");   // returns true
trie.search("app");     // returns false
trie.startsWith("app"); // returns true
trie.insert("app");   
trie.search("app");     // returns true
```
**Note:**

* You may assume that all inputs are consist of lowercase letters `a-z`.
* All inputs are guaranteed to be non-empty strings.

## Solution
Create a class `TrieNode`, which contains two data fields, `boolean wordEnd` and `TrieNode[] next`. That is, each trie node has a data field to represent whether it is the end of a word, and an array to represent all possible next letters.

In class `Trie`, there is a global variable `TrieNode root`.

In the constructor, initialize `root` as an object of `TrieNode` type.

In `insert`, create a `node` of type `TrieNode` that is initially `root`. For each letter in `word`, set the corresponding element in `node.next` to be a node of type `TrieNode`, and move `node` to the corresponding element. For the last letter in `word`, set `node.wordEnd = true`.

In `search`, create a `node` of type `TrieNode` that is initially `root`. For each letter in `word`, check the corresponding element in `node.next`. If it is `null`, return `false`. Otherwise, move `node` to the corresponding element. When the last letter in `word` is reached, return `true` if and only if `node.wordEnd = true`.

In `startsWith`, create a `node` of type `TrieNode` that is initially `root`. For each letter in `prefix`, check the corresponding element in `node.next`. If it is `null`, return `false`. Otherwise, move `node` to the corresponding element. When the last letter in `prefix` is reached, return `true`.
