# 292. Nim Game
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are playing the following Nim Game with your friend: There is a heap of stones on the table, each time one of you take turns to remove 1 to 3 stones. The one who removes the last stone will be the winner. You will take the first turn to remove the stones.

Both of you are very clever and have optimal strategies for the game. Write a function to determine whether you can win the game given the number of stones in the heap.

**Example:**

Input: 4

Output: false

Explanation: If there are 4 stones in the heap, then you will never win the game; No matter 1, 2, or 3 stones you remove, the last stone will always be removed by your friend.

## Solution
Use math to solve this problem. If the number of stones is less than 4, then the player with the first turn can remove all the stones and win. If the number of stones is exactly 4, then the player with the first turn will lose.

For the general case, if a player removes `x` stones in one time, the other player can always remove `y` stones in the next time such that `x + y = 4`. Therefore, if the initial number of stones is a multiple of 4, then no matter how many stones the first player removes each time, the second player can always remove 1, 2, or 3 stones to make the remaining number of stones be a multiple of 4 as well, until there are only 4 stones left, so the second player can always win. If the initial number of stones is not a multiple of 4, then the first player can remove 1, 2, or 3 stones to make the remaining number of stones be a multiple of 4, and it will be the second player's turn, so the first player can always win.

Therefore, the first player can win if and only if the initial number of stones is not a multiple of 4.
