# 1244. Design A Leaderboard
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design a Leaderboard class, which has 3 functions:

1. `addScore(playerId, score)`: Update the leaderboard by adding `score` to the given player's score. If there is no player with such id in the leaderboard, add him to the leaderboard with the given `score`.
2. `top(K)`: Return the score sum of the top `K` players.
3. `reset(playerId)`: Reset the score of the player with the given id to 0. It is guaranteed that the player was added to the leaderboard before calling this function.

Initially, the leaderboard is empty.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: 
["Leaderboard","addScore","addScore","addScore","addScore","addScore","top","reset","reset","addScore","top"]
[[],[1,73],[2,56],[3,39],[4,51],[5,4],[1],[1],[2],[2,51],[3]]
Output: 
[null,null,null,null,null,null,73,null,null,null,141]

Explanation: 
Leaderboard leaderboard = new Leaderboard ();
leaderboard.addScore(1,73);   // leaderboard = [[1,73]];
leaderboard.addScore(2,56);   // leaderboard = [[1,73],[2,56]];
leaderboard.addScore(3,39);   // leaderboard = [[1,73],[2,56],[3,39]];
leaderboard.addScore(4,51);   // leaderboard = [[1,73],[2,56],[3,39],[4,51]];
leaderboard.addScore(5,4);    // leaderboard = [[1,73],[2,56],[3,39],[4,51],[5,4]];
leaderboard.top(1);           // returns 73;
leaderboard.reset(1);         // leaderboard = [[2,56],[3,39],[4,51],[5,4]];
leaderboard.reset(2);         // leaderboard = [[3,39],[4,51],[5,4]];
leaderboard.addScore(2,51);   // leaderboard = [[2,51],[3,39],[4,51],[5,4]];
leaderboard.top(3);           // returns 141 = 51 + 51 + 39;
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= playerId, K <= 10000`
* It's guaranteed that `K` is less than or equal to the current number of players.
* `1 <= score <= 100`
* There will be at most `1000` function calls.

## Solution
Maintain two lists that store players and scores respectively, and maintain `size` that represents the number of players that have score greater than 0. At any time, the elements in the scores list are sorted in descending order. For index `i` such that `0 <= i < size`, the element at index `i` in the players list is the id of the player that ranks `i`-th, and the element at index `i` in the scores list is the player's score.

For the constructor, initialize the two lists and initialize `size` to 0.

For `addScore(playerId, score)`, if `size == 0`, then simply add `playerId` and `score` to the lists. Otherwise, if `playerId` is in the players list, then calculate the player's new score, remove the previous player id and the previous score from both lists, use binary search to find the insertion index of the new score, and add `playerId` and `score` at the insertion index in the lists. If `playerId` is not in the players list, then use binary search to find the insertion index of `score`, and add `playerId` and `score` at the insertion index in the lists.

For `top(K)`, calculate the sum of the first `K` elements of the scores list, and return. If `K > size`, then calculate the sum of all the elements of the scores list, and return.

For `reset(playerId)`, find the index `index` of `playerId` in the players list, and remove the elements at index `index` from both lists.
