# 880. Decoded String at Index
## Level
Medium

## Description
An encoded string `S` is given. To find and write the *decoded* string to a tape, the encoded string is read **one character at a time** and the following steps are taken:

* If the character read is a letter, that letter is written onto the tape.
* If the character read is a digit (say `d`), the entire current tape is repeatedly written `d-1` more times in total.

Now for some encoded string `S`, and an index `K`, find and return the `K`-th letter (1 indexed) in the decoded string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** S = "leet2code3", K = 10

**Output:** "o"

**Explanation:**

The decoded string is "leetleetcodeleetleetcodeleetleetcode".

The 10th letter in the string is "o".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** S = "ha22", K = 5

**Output:** "h"

**Explanation:**

The decoded string is "hahahaha".  The 5th letter is "h".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** S = "a2345678999999999999999", K = 1

**Output:** "a"

**Explanation:**

The decoded string is "a" repeated 8301530446056247680 times.  The 1st letter is "a".

**Note:**

1. `2 <= S.length <= 100`
2. `S` will only contain lowercase letters and digits `2` through `9`.
3. `S` starts with a letter.
4. `1 <= K <= 10^9`
5. The decoded string is guaranteed to have less than `2^63` letters.

## Solution
At each index `i` in `S`, calculate the total length of the current substring `S.substring(0, i + 1)`. Once an index `i` is met such that the total length at index `i` is greater than or equal to `K`, stop processing `S` further. During the process, use a tree map to store each total length to the index.

Initialize `position = K`. The object is to find `position` such that the corresponding index of `position` (obtained from the tree map) in `S` has a letter, not a digit. While this condition is not met (either `position` is not a key in the tree set, or the index obtained from `position` in `S` has a digit), find the maximum key `key` in the tree map that is less than `position`, and let `position = position % key`. If `position` becomes 0, then let `position = key`.

Finally, obtain the index `strIndex` from the tree map using `position` as the key, get the letter at index `strIndex` in `S`, and return the letter as a string.
