# 1031. Maximum Sum of Two Non-Overlapping Subarrays
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `A` of non-negative integers, return the maximum sum of elements in two non-overlapping (contiguous) subarrays, which have lengths `L` and `M`. (For clarification, the `L`-length subarray could occur before or after the `M`-length subarray.)

Formally, return the largest `V` for which `V = (A[i] + A[i+1] + ... + A[i+L-1]) + (A[j] + A[j+1] + ... + A[j+M-1])` and either:

* `0 <= i < i + L - 1 < j < j + M - 1 < A.length`, or
* `0 <= j < j + M - 1 < i < i + L - 1 < A.length`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [0,6,5,2,2,5,1,9,4], L = 1, M = 2

**Output:** 20

**Explanation:** One choice of subarrays is [9] with length 1, and [6,5] with length 2.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = [3,8,1,3,2,1,8,9,0], L = 3, M = 2

**Output:** 29

**Explanation:** One choice of subarrays is [3,8,1] with length 3, and [8,9] with length 2.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** A = [2,1,5,6,0,9,5,0,3,8], L = 4, M = 3

**Output:** 31

**Explanation:** One choice of subarrays is [5,6,0,9] with length 4, and [3,8] with length 3.

**Note:**

1. `L >= 1`
2. `M >= 1`
3. `L + M <= A.length <= 1000`
4. `0 <= A[i] <= 1000`

## Solution
Use the idea of sliding window.

For each index `i` such that `i <= length - M`, calculate the sum of the window `A[i..i+M]`, and for each index `i`, maintain the maximum window sum at the index or to the right of the index. Then for each window of size `L` to the left, if the last index of the left window is `i`, then calculate the sum of the left window's sum and the maximum window sum at index `i + 1`. The maximum sum in ths case can be calculated.

Then swap `L` and `M` and repeat the procedure above. The maximum sum in this case can be calculated.

After the maximum sums of the two cases are calculated, return the maximum value between the two maximum sums.

If `L == M`, the maximum sum needs to be calculated only in one case.
