# 1912. Design Movie Rental System
## Level
Hard

## Description
You have a movie renting company consisting of `n` shops. You want to implement a renting system that supports searching for, booking, and returning movies. The system should also support generating a report of the currently rented movies.

Each movie is given as a 2D integer array `entries` where `entries[i] = [shop_i, movie_i, price_i]` indicates that there is a copy of movie `movie_i` at shop `shop_i` with a rental price of `price_i`. Each shop carries **at most one** copy of a movie `movie_i`.

The system should support the following functions:

* **Search**: Finds the **cheapest 5 shops** that have an **unrented copy** of a given movie. The shops should be sorted by **price** in ascending order, and in case of a tie, the one with the **smaller** shop_i should appear first. If there are less than 5 matching shops, then all of them should be returned. If no shop has an unrented copy, then an empty list should be returned.
* **Rent**: Rents an **unrented copy** of a given movie from a given shop.
* **Drop**: Drops off a **previously rented copy** of a given movie at a given shop.
* **Report**: Returns the **cheapest 5 rented movies** (possibly of the same movie ID) as a 2D list `res` where `res[j] = [shop_j, movie_j]` describes that the `j-th` cheapest rented movie `movie_j` was rented from the shop shopj. The movies in `res` should be sorted by **price** in ascending order, and in case of a tie, the one with the **smaller** `shop_j` should appear first, and if there is still tie, the one with the **smaller** `movie_j` should appear first. If there are fewer than 5 rented movies, then all of them should be returned. If no movies are currently being rented, then an empty list should be returned.

Implement the `MovieRentingSystem` class:

* MovieRentingSystem(int n, int[][] entries) Initializes the `MovieRentingSystem` object with `n` shops and the movies in `entries`.
* List<Integer> search(int movie) Returns a list of shops that have an **unrented copy** of the given `movie` as described above.
* void rent(int shop, int movie) Rents the given `movie` from the given `shop`.
* void drop(int shop, int movie) Drops off a previously rented `movie` at the given `shop`.
* `List<List<Integer>> report()` Returns a list of cheapest **rented** movies as described above.

**Note:** The test cases will be generated such that `rent` will only be called if the shop has an **unrented** copy of the movie, and `drop` will only be called if the shop had **previously rented** out the movie.

**Example 1:**
```
Input
["MovieRentingSystem", "search", "rent", "rent", "report", "drop", "search"]
[[3, [[0, 1, 5], [0, 2, 6], [0, 3, 7], [1, 1, 4], [1, 2, 7], [2, 1, 5]]], [1], [0, 1], [1, 2], [], [1, 2], [2]]
Output
[null, [1, 0, 2], null, null, [[0, 1], [1, 2]], null, [0, 1]]

Explanation
MovieRentingSystem movieRentingSystem = new MovieRentingSystem(3, [[0, 1, 5], [0, 2, 6], [0, 3, 7], [1, 1, 4], [1, 2, 7], [2, 1, 5]]);
movieRentingSystem.search(1);  // return [1, 0, 2], Movies of ID 1 are unrented at shops 1, 0, and 2. Shop 1 is cheapest; shop 0 and 2 are the same price, so order by shop number.
movieRentingSystem.rent(0, 1); // Rent movie 1 from shop 0. Unrented movies at shop 0 are now [2,3].
movieRentingSystem.rent(1, 2); // Rent movie 2 from shop 1. Unrented movies at shop 1 are now [1].
movieRentingSystem.report();   // return [[0, 1], [1, 2]]. Movie 1 from shop 0 is cheapest, followed by movie 2 from shop 1.
movieRentingSystem.drop(1, 2); // Drop off movie 2 at shop 1. Unrented movies at shop 1 are now [1,2].
movieRentingSystem.search(2);  // return [0, 1]. Movies of ID 2 are unrented at shops 0 and 1. Shop 0 is cheapest, followed by shop 1.
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 3 * 10^5`
* `1 <= entries.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= shop_i < n`
* `1 <= movie_i, price_i <= 10^4`
* Each shop carries **at most one** copy of a movie `movie_i`.
* At most `10^5` calls **in total** will be made to `search`, `rent`, `drop` and `report`.

## Solution
Use hash map and tree map to implement the design. Create a hash map to store each unrented movie's (shop, price) maps, a hash map to store each unrented movie's (price, shop list) maps, a hash map to store the lookup information such that each (shop, movie) pair corresponds to a price. Use a tree set to store the rented movies.

For the constructor, initialize the data structures using `entries` and store the value `n`.

For the methods, update the data structures accordingly or retrieve the results.
