# 27. Remove Element
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given an array *nums* and a value val, remove all instances of that value **[in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** and return the new length.

Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by **modifying the input array [in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** with O(1) extra memory.

The order of elements can be changed. It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the new length.

**Example 1:**

Given *nums* = **[3,2,2,3]**, *val* = **3**,

Your function should return length = **2**, with the first two elements of *nums* being **2**.

It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the returned length.

**Example 2:**

Given *nums* = **[0,1,2,2,3,0,4,2]**, *val* = **2**,

Your function should return length = **5**, with the first five elements of nums containing **0**, **1**, **3**, **0**, and **4**.

Note that the order of those five elements can be arbitrary.

It doesn't matter what values are set beyond the returned length.

**Clarification:**

Confused why the returned value is an integer but your answer is an array?

Note that the input array is passed in by **reference**, which means modification to the input array will be known to the caller as well.

Internally you can think of this:
```
// nums is passed in by reference. (i.e., without making a copy)
int len = removeDuplicates(nums);

// any modification to nums in your function would be known by the caller.
// using the length returned by your function, it prints the first len elements.
for (int i = 0; i < len; i++) {
    print(nums[i]);
}
```

## Solution
If the array is `null` or has length 0, return the array.

Loop the array from begin to end. If an element in the array equals to the given value `val`, then move the element to the end of the array, similar to the operation in insertion sort.

At the same time, use a variable `count` to store the number of elements that doesn't equal the given value `val`.

Finally, return `count`, which represents the new length.
