# 1298. Maximum Candies You Can Get from Boxes

## Level
Hard

## Description
Given `n` boxes, each box is given in the format `[status, candies, keys, containedBoxes]` where:

* `status[i]`: an integer which is **1** if box[i] is open and **0** if `box[i]` is closed.
* `candies[i]`: an integer representing the number of candies in `box[i]`.
* `keys[i]`: an array contains the indices of the boxes you can open with the key in `box[i]`.
* `containedBoxes[i]`: an array contains the indices of the boxes found in `box[i]`.

You will start with some boxes given in `initialBoxes` array. You can take all the candies in any open box and you can use the keys in it to open new boxes and you also can use the boxes you find in it.

Return *the maximum number of candies* you can get following the rules above.

Example 1:

**Input:** status = [1,0,1,0], candies = [7,5,4,100], keys = [[],[],[1],[]], containedBoxes = [[1,2],[3],[],[]], initialBoxes = [0]

**Output:** 16

**Explanation:** You will be initially given box 0. You will find 7 candies in it and boxes 1 and 2. Box 1 is closed and you don't have a key for it so you will open box 2. You will find 4 candies and a key to box 1 in box 2.
In box 1, you will find 5 candies and box 3 but you will not find a key to box 3 so box 3 will remain closed.
Total number of candies collected = 7 + 4 + 5 = 16 candy.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** status = [1,0,0,0,0,0], candies = [1,1,1,1,1,1], keys = [[1,2,3,4,5],[],[],[],[],[]], containedBoxes = [[1,2,3,4,5],[],[],[],[],[]], initialBoxes = [0]

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** You have initially box 0. Opening it you can find boxes 1,2,3,4 and 5 and their keys. The total number of candies will be 6.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** status = [1,1,1], candies = [100,1,100], keys = [[],[0,2],[]], containedBoxes = [[],[],[]], initialBoxes = [1]

**Output:** 1

**Example 4:**

**Input:** status = [1], candies = [100], keys = [[]], containedBoxes = [[]], initialBoxes = []

**Output:** 0

**Example 5:**

**Input:** status = [1,1,1], candies = [2,3,2], keys = [[],[],[]], containedBoxes = [[],[],[]], initialBoxes = [2,1,0]

**Output:** 7

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= status.length <= 1000`
* `status.length == candies.length == keys.length == containedBoxes.length == n`
* `status[i]` is `0` or `1`.
* `1 <= candies[i] <= 1000`
* `0 <= keys[i].length <= status.length`
* `0 <= keys[i][j] < status.length`
* All values in `keys[i]` are unique.
* `0 <= containedBoxes[i].length <= status.length`
* `0 <= containedBoxes[i][j] < status.length`
* All values in `containedBoxes[i]` are unique.
* Each box is contained in one box at most.
* `0 <= initialBoxes.length <= status.length`
* `0 <= initialBoxes[i] < status.length`

## Solution
Use the idea of breadth first search, starting from the boxes in `initialBoxes` array. Use a queue to store the boxes to be opened. Offer the boxes in `initialBoxes` array into the queue.

Each time poll a box from the queue. If the status is closed, then offer the box to the queue. Otherwise, get the candies, the keys and the contained boxes from the box. Do the following operations.

* Add the candies to the total number of candies that can be obtained.
* For the keys in the box, set the corresponding boxes' status to open. Although the boxes may be inaccessible at this point, setting the boxes' status to open doesn't change the accessibility, and since the keys are accessible currently, once the boxes are accessible, they can be opened.
* For the boxes contained in the box, offer them to the queue, which will be polled in the next step.

The main difficulty for the problem is that if a box is polled from the queue but the status of the box is closed (which means the key to the box is not available when the box is polled), whether the loop should be continued or be stopped. One way to solve this is to obtain the size of the queue once a closed box is polled and use a variable `index` to count the number of closed boxes polled. The variable `index` is initially 0, and will increase by 1 if a closed box is polled from the queue. If a box contains keys or contains other boxes, then set `index` to 0. If at a point, `index` is equal to the size of the queue, then the statuses of the boxes are not changed and no further operations can be done, so break the loop.

Finally, return the total number of candies obtained.
