# 923. 3Sum With Multiplicity
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an integer array `A`, and an integer `target`, return the number of tuples `i, j, k`  such that `i < j < k` and `A[i] + A[j] + A[k] == target`.

**As the answer can be very large, return it modulo `10^9 + 7`**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [1,1,2,2,3,3,4,4,5,5], target = 8

**Output:** 20

**Explanation:**

Enumerating by the values (A[i], A[j], A[k]):

(1, 2, 5) occurs 8 times;

(1, 3, 4) occurs 8 times;

(2, 2, 4) occurs 2 times;

(2, 3, 3) occurs 2 times.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = [1,1,2,2,2,2], target = 5

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:**

A[i] = 1, A[j] = A[k] = 2 occurs 12 times: We choose one 1 from [1,1] in 2 ways, and two 2s from [2,2,2,2] in 6 ways.

**Note:**

1. `3 <= A.length <= 3000`
2. `0 <= A[i] <= 100`
3. `0 <= target <= 300`

## Solution
First, sort the array. Next, fix the leftmost index each time and find the other two numbers. If the leftmost index is `left`, then the other two numbers should have sum `target - A[left]`. Find all such pairs that have sum `target - A[left]`, and count the number of pairs. For each possible leftmost number, do such procedures.

To find the pairs given the leftmost number, use two pointers that are initially at two ends and move then towards the middle each time. Suppose the two pointers are `mid` and `right` respectively. If `A[mid] + A[right] == target - A[left]`, then count the number of pairs as follows. If `A[mid] != A[right]`, then find the maximum index that has the value `A[mid]` and the minimum index that has the value `A[right]`. Suppose there are `midCount` numbers that have the value `A[mid]` and `rightCount` numbers that have the value `A[right]`, then increase the count by `midCount * rightCount`. If `A[mid] == A[right]`, then let `curCount = right - mid + 1`, and increase the count by `curCount * (curCount - 1) / 2`. Do modulo operation on the count each time it is updated.

Finally, return the count.
