# 310. Minimum Height Trees
## Level
Medium

## Description
For an undirected graph with tree characteristics, we can choose any node as the root. The result graph is then a rooted tree. Among all possible rooted trees, those with minimum height are called minimum height trees (MHTs). Given such a graph, write a function to find all the MHTs and return a list of their root labels.

**Format**

The graph contains n nodes which are labeled from `0` to `n - 1`. You will be given the number n and a list of undirected `edges` (each edge is a pair of labels).

You can assume that no duplicate edges will appear in `edges`. Since all edges are undirected, `[0, 1]` is the same as `[1, 0]` and thus will not appear together in `edges`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: n = 4, edges = [[1, 0], [1, 2], [1, 3]]

        0
        |
        1
       / \
      2   3 

Output: [1]
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: n = 6, edges = [[0, 3], [1, 3], [2, 3], [4, 3], [5, 4]]

     0  1  2
      \ | /
        3
        |
        4
        |
        5 

Output: [3, 4]
```
**Note:**

* According to the [definition of tree on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tree_(graph_theory)): "a tree is an undirected graph in which any two vertices are connected by *exactly* one path. In other words, any connected graph without simple cycles is a tree."
* The height of a rooted tree is the number of edges on the longest downward path between the root and a leaf.

## Solution
If `n` is 0, return an empty list. If `n` is 1, return a list that contains 0 only.

Maintain an array `degrees` of length `n`, where `degrees[i]` represents the number of nodes that are directly adjacent to node `i`. Also use a map to store each node's adjacent nodes.

The roots of minimum height trees should have greatest distances from the leaf nodes, so do breadth first search from the leaf nodes. A node is a leaf node if it has only one adjacent node. Initially, offer all the leaf nodes to the queue. Then each time find the nodes on the next level until the queue becomes empty. The nodes that are visited in the last iteration are the roots of minimum height trees, so return the nodes as a list.
