# 1963. Minimum Number of Swaps to Make the String Balanced
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a **0-indexed** string `s` of **even** length `n`. The string consists of **exactly** `n / 2` opening brackets `'['` and `n / 2` closing brackets `']'`.

A string is called **balanced** if and only if:

* It is the empty string, or
* It can be written as `AB`, where both `A` and `B` are **balanced** strings, or
* It can be written as `[C]`, where `C` is a **balanced** string.

You may swap the brackets at **any** two indices **any** number of times.

Return *the **minimum** number of swaps to make `s` **balanced***.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "][]["

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** You can make the string balanced by swapping index 0 with index 3.
The resulting string is "[[]]".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "]]][[["

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** You can do the following to make the string balanced:
- Swap index 0 with index 4. s = "[]][[]".
- Swap index 1 with index 5. s = "[[][]]".

The resulting string is "[[][]]".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "[]"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** The string is already balanced.

**Constraints:**

* `n == s.length`
* `2 <= n <= 10^6`
* `n` is even.
* `s[i]` is either `'['` or `']'`.
* The number of opening brackets `'['` equals `n / 2`, and the number of closing brackets `']'` equals `n / 2`.

## Solution
Use a greedy approach. Loop over `s` from left to right and count the number of `'['`s and `']'`s. If the number is not balanced, add the number of swaps by 1, and update the number. After looping over `s`, the number of swaps can be calculated. Then loop over `s` from right to left to count the number of swaps. Return the minimum number of swaps.
