# 352. Data Stream as Disjoint Intervals
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a data stream input of non-negative integers a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, ..., a<sub>n</sub>, ..., summarize the numbers seen so far as a list of disjoint intervals.

For example, suppose the integers from the data stream are 1, 3, 7, 2, 6, ..., then the summary will be:
```
[1, 1]
[1, 1], [3, 3]
[1, 1], [3, 3], [7, 7]
[1, 3], [7, 7]
[1, 3], [6, 7]
```

**Follow up:**

What if there are lots of merges and the number of disjoint intervals are small compared to the data stream's size?

## Solution
Create a class `Interval` that represents intervals. Each object of `Interval` has data fields `start` and `end` that represents the start position and the end position. The intervals are compared according to `start` in ascending order and then according to `end` in ascending order.

In the class, maintain a tree set to store the intervals, where the intervals are sorted in ascending order.

For method `addNum(int val)`, use `val` to create a current interval `curr`. If `curr` is already in the tree set, return. Find the previous interval of `curr`. If the previous interval contains `curr`, return. Otherwise, if the previous interval is adjacent to `curr`, update `curr` to the merged interval and remove the previous interval from the tree set. Then find the next interval of `curr`. If the next interval contains `curr`, return. Otherwise, if the next interval is adjacent to `curr`, update `curr` to the merged interval and remove the next interval from the tree set. Finally, add `curr` to the tree set.

For method `getIntervals()`, obtain the tree set's size `size` and create a 2D array `array` of `size` rows and 2 columns, where each row stores an interval in the tree set and all rows are sorted in ascending order. Return `array`.
