# 1116. Print Zero Even Odd
## Level
Medium

## Description
Suppose you are given the following code:
```
class ZeroEvenOdd {
  public ZeroEvenOdd(int n) { ... }      // constructor
  public void zero(printNumber) { ... }  // only output 0's
  public void even(printNumber) { ... }  // only output even numbers
  public void odd(printNumber) { ... }   // only output odd numbers
}
```
The same instance of `ZeroEvenOdd` will be passed to three different threads:

1. Thread A will call `zero()` which should only output 0's.
2. Thread B will call `even()` which should only ouput even numbers.
3. Thread C will call `odd()` which should only output odd numbers.

Each of the threads is given a `printNumber` method to output an integer. Modify the given program to output the series `010203040506...` where the length of the series must be 2*n*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 2

**Output:** "0102"

**Explanation:** There are three threads being fired asynchronously. One of them calls zero(), the other calls even(), and the last one calls odd(). "0102" is the correct output.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 5

**Output:** "0102030405"

## Solution
This problem can be solved using semaphores. In the class, create three semaphores `semaphoreZero`, `semaphoreOdd` and `semaphoreEven` for methods `zero()`, `odd()` and `even()` respectively. Initially, `semaphoreZero` has 1 permit, while `semaphoreOdd` and `semaphoreEven` has 0 permits.

For each method `zero()`, `odd()` and `even()`, in the loop, there are three steps. The first step is to acquire a permit from the current semaphore. The second step is to call the `printNumber.accept(x)` method for the current number. The third step is to release a permit back to the next semaphore.
