# 1041. Robot Bounded In Circle
## Level
Medium

## Description
On an infinite plane, a robot initially stands at `(0, 0)` and faces north.  The robot can receive one of three instructions:

* `"G"`: go straight 1 unit;
* `"L"`: turn 90 degrees to the left;
* `"R"`: turn 90 degress to the right.

The robot performs the `instructions` given in order, and repeats them forever.

Return `true` if and only if there exists a circle in the plane such that the robot never leaves the circle.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "GGLLGG"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**

The robot moves from (0,0) to (0,2), turns 180 degrees, and then returns to (0,0).
When repeating these instructions, the robot remains in the circle of radius 2 centered at the origin.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "GG"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:**

The robot moves north indefinitely.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "GL"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**

The robot moves from (0, 0) -> (0, 1) -> (-1, 1) -> (-1, 0) -> (0, 0) -> ...

**Note:**

1. `1 <= instructions.length <= 100`
2. `instructions[i]` is in `{'G', 'L', 'R'}`

## Solution
Simulate the robot's operations using the given `instructions`. After one cycle of `instructions` is completed, check the robot's position and direction. If the robot is back at `(0, 0)`, then it will always go back to the start position, so there is such a circle and return `true`. If the robot's direction is not north, then since the direction is changed after each cycle, the robot will surely go back to the start position after 4 cycles, so return `true`. If the robot is not at `(0, 0)` and the direction is north, return `false`.
