# 358. Rearrange String k Distance Apart
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a non-empty string **s** and an integer **k**, rearrange the string such that the same characters are at least distance **k** from each other.

All input strings are given in lowercase letters. If it is not possible to rearrange the string, return an empty string `""`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "aabbcc", k = 3

**Output:** "abcabc" 

**Explanation:** The same letters are at least distance 3 from each other.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "aaabc", k = 3

**Output:** "" 

**Explanation:** It is not possible to rearrange the string.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "aaadbbcc", k = 2

**Output:** "abacabcd"

**Explanation:** The same letters are at least distance 2 from each other.

## Solution
If `k <= 1` or `s` has length at most 1, then simply return `s`.

Use greedy algorithm and priority queue. Loop over `s` and count the number of occurrences of each letter in `s`. Use a priority queue to store each letter and its number of occurrences. An element is polled first if it has a greater number of occurrences or a smaller letter in case of a tie in number of occurrences.

In each step, poll `k` elements from the priority queue or all the rest of the elements from the priority queue in the last step. If the priority queue becomes empty before polling all the elements needed in a step, then it is not possible to rearrange the string, so return an empty string. Otherwise, for each polled element, append the letter to the string, and decrease the number of occurrences of the letter by 1. Use a temp list to store the elements after decreasing the number of occurrences, where each element is stored only if the number of occurrences is greater than 0. After all letters are appended to the string in a step, add all the elements from the temp list to the priority queue.

Finally, return the rearranged string.
