# 1278. Palindrome Partitioning III
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given a string `s` containing lowercase letters and an integer `k`. You need to :

* First, change some characters of `s` to other lowercase English letters.
* Then divide `s` into `k` non-empty disjoint substrings such that each substring is palindrome.

Return the minimal number of characters that you need to change to divide the string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "abc", k = 2

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** You can split the string into "ab" and "c", and change 1 character in "ab" to make it palindrome.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "aabbc", k = 3

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** You can split the string into "aa", "bb" and "c", all of them are palindrome.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "leetcode", k = 8

**Output:** 0

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= k <= s.length <= 100`.
* `s` only contains lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Two 2D arrays `costs` and `dp` are to be calculated.

First create a 2D array `costs` with `s.length()` rows and `s.length()` columns, where `costs[i][j]` represents the minimum number of changes to make the substring `s.substring(i, j + 1)` become a palindrome. Obviously, `costs[i][i] = 0` for all `0 <= i < s.length()`, and `costs[i - 1][i]` is 0 if `s.charAt(i - 1) == s.charAt(i)` or 1 otherwise. If `j - i >= 2`, then `costs[i][j] = costs[i + 1][j - 1]`, and if `s.charAt(i) != s.charAt(j)`, add 1 to `costs[i][j]`.

Next create a 2D array `dp` with `s.length() + 1` rows and `k + 1` columns, where all elements are initialized to `Integer.MAX_VALUE`. For `i` from 1 to `s.length()`, loop over `j` from 1 to `Math.min(i, k)`. If `j == 1`, then `dp[i][j] = costs[0][i - 1]`. Otherwise, `dp[i][j]` is the minimum value of `dp[start][j - 1] + costs[start][i - 1]` where `start` ranges from `j - 1` to `i - 1`.

Finally, return `dp[s.length()][k]`.
