# 1808. Maximize Number of Nice Divisors
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given a positive integer `primeFactors`. You are asked to construct a positive integer `n` that satisfies the following conditions:

* The number of prime factors of `n` (not necessarily distinct) is **at most** `primeFactors`.
* The number of nice divisors of `n` is maximized. Note that a divisor of `n` is **nice** if it is divisible by every prime factor of `n`. For example, if `n = 12`, then its prime factors are `[2,2,3]`, then `6` and `12` are nice divisors, while `3` and `4` are not.

Return *the number of nice divisors of `n`*. Since that number can be too large, return it **modulo** `10^9 + 7`.

Note that a prime number is a natural number greater than 1 that is not a product of two smaller natural numbers. The prime factors of a number `n` is a list of prime numbers such that their product equals `n`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** primeFactors = 5

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** 200 is a valid value of n.

It has 5 prime factors: [2,2,2,5,5], and it has 6 nice divisors: [10,20,40,50,100,200].

There is not other value of n that has at most 5 prime factors and more nice divisors.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** primeFactors = 8

**Output:** 18

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= primeFactors <= 10^9`

## Solution
If `primeFactors <= 3`, simply return `primeFactors`.

For greater values, consider the prime factors of `n`. The smallest nice divisor of `n` is the product of all distinct prime factors of `n`. For example, the prime factors of 12 are 2,2,3, so the smmalest nice divisor of 12 is 2*3=6. If `n = p1^a1 * p2^a2 * ... * pk*ak`, where `a1 + a2 + ... + ak <= primeFactors`, then `n` has `a1 * a2 * ... * ak` nice divisors. The problem is to find the maximum value of `a1 * a2 * ... * ak`.

To get the maximum value, there should be as many numbers 3 as possible, and the remaining numbers should be 2 (at most two numbers 2). Calculate the product using `pow` function and deal with large values accordingly.
