# 1772. Sort Features by Popularity
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string array `features` where `features[i]` is a single word representing the name of a feature of the latest product you are working on. You made a survey where users reported which features they like. You are given a string array `responses`, where `responses[i]` is a string containing space-separated words.

You want to sort the features according to their popularity. More formally, let `appearances(word)` be the number of `i`s such that `responses[i]` contains `word` as a word. Then the `x-th` feature is more popular than the `y-th` feature if `appearances(features[x]) > appearances(features[y])`.

Return an array `sortedFeatures` consisting of the feature names sorted by their popularity. If the `x-th` and `y-th` features have the same popularity where `x < y`, then you should put the `x-th` feature before the `y-th` one.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** features = ["cooler","lock","touch"], responses = ["i like cooler cooler","lock touch cool","locker like touch"]

**Output:** ["touch","cooler","lock"]

**Explanation:** appearances("cooler") = 1, appearances("lock") = 1, appearances("touch") = 2. Since "cooler" and "lock" both had 1 appearance, "cooler" comes first because "cooler" came first in the features array.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** features = ["a","aa","b","c"], responses = ["a","a aa","a a a a a","b a"]

**Output:** ["a","aa","b","c"]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= features.length <= 10^4`
* `1 <= features[i].length <= 10`
* `features` contains no duplicates.
* `features[i]` consists of lowercase letters.
* `1 <= responses.length <= 10^2`
* `1 <= responses[i].length <= 10^3`
* `responses[i]` consists of lowercase letters and spaces.
* `responses[i]` contains no two consecutive spaces.
* `responses[i]` has no leading or trailing spaces.

## Solution
Use two maps to store the indices of each feature in `features`, and the appearances of each feature in `responses`. Loop over `features` and `responses` to put the value into the two maps. Then sort `features` first according to the appearances in descending order next according to the indices in ascending order. Return the sorted array `features`.
