# 1052. Grumpy Bookstore Owner
## Level
Medium

## Description
Today, the bookstore owner has a store open for `customers.length` minutes.  Every minute, some number of customers (`customers[i]`) enter the store, and all those customers leave after the end of that minute.

On some minutes, the bookstore owner is grumpy. If the bookstore owner is grumpy on the i-th minute, `grumpy[i] = 1`, otherwise `grumpy[i] = 0`. When the bookstore owner is grumpy, the customers of that minute are not satisfied, otherwise they are satisfied.

The bookstore owner knows a secret technique to keep themselves not grumpy for `X` minutes straight, but can only use it once.

Return the maximum number of customers that can be satisfied throughout the day.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** customers = [1,0,1,2,1,1,7,5], grumpy = [0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1], X = 3

**Output:** 16

**Explanation:** The bookstore owner keeps themselves not grumpy for the last 3 minutes. 

The maximum number of customers that can be satisfied = 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 7 + 5 = 16.

**Note:**

* `1 <= X <= customers.length == grumpy.length <= 20000`
* `0 <= customers[i] <= 1000`
* `0 <= grumpy[i] <= 1`

## Solution
From the original arrays `customers` and `grumpy`, count the number of customers that are satisfied. These customers are always satisfied. The goal is to find the maximum number of unsatisfied customers that can become satisfied.

Loop over `customers` and `grumpy`. For each window of size `X`, count the number of unsatisfied customers. After all the windows are looped over, the maximum number of unsatisfied customers in a window of size `X` can be obtained, which is `maxUnsatisfiedWindow`. If the bookstore owner uses the secret technique, then at most `maxUnsatisfiedWindow` customers who are unsatisfied origially can become satisfied.  So add `maxUnsatisfiedWindow` to the number of customers that are satisfied, and return the number of customers that are satisfied.
