# 902. Numbers At Most N Given Digit Set
## Level
Hard

## Description
We have a **sorted** set of digits `D`, a non-empty subset of `{'1','2','3','4','5','6','7','8','9'}`. (Note that `'0'` is not included.)

Now, we write numbers using these digits, using each digit as many times as we want.  For example, if `D = {'1','3','5'}`, we may write numbers such as `'13', '551', '1351315'`.

Return the number of positive integers that can be written (using the digits of D) that are less than or equal to `N`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** D = ["1","3","5","7"], N = 100

**Output:** 20

**Explanation:**

The 20 numbers that can be written are:

1, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 15, 17, 31, 33, 35, 37, 51, 53, 55, 57, 71, 73, 75, 77.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** D = ["1","4","9"], N = 1000000000

**Output:** 29523

**Explanation:**

We can write 3 one digit numbers, 9 two digit numbers, 27 three digit numbers, 81 four digit numbers, 243 five digit numbers, 729 six digit numbers, 2187 seven digit numbers, 6561 eight digit numbers, and 19683 nine digit numbers.

In total, this is 29523 integers that can be written using the digits of D.

**Note:**

1. `D` is a subset of digits `'1'-'9'` in sorted order.
2. `1 <= N <= 10^9`

## Solution
Since digit 0 is not included, there is no need to consider the case of leading zeros. Also, since `D` is sorted, binary search can be used.

Obviously, for any positive integer that has length less than the length of `N`, all digits can be used. Therefore, for any length `i` such that `i` is less than the length of `N`, the number of positive integers of length `i` using digits in `D` is `(int) Math.pow(D.length, i)`.

For positive integers that have length equal to the length of `N`, cases are more complicated. If at one digit in `N`, the digit is not in `D`, then this digit of the positive integer can choose any digit that is less than the digit in `N`, and all the lower digits of the positive integer can choose any digit in `D`, so stop processing the lower digits. For example, if `D = ["1","3","5","7"]` and `N = 4000`, since the highest digit of `N` is 4, which is not in `D`, the highest digit of the positive integer can be 1 or 3, and the three lower digits can take any digit in `D`.

If at one digit in `N`, the digit is in `D`, then this digit of the positive integer can choose any digit that is less than the digit in `N`, while the lower digits of the positive integer have no restriction. If this digit of the positive integer chooses the digit that is equal to the digit in `N`, then for the lower digits of the positive integer, the digit can not exceed the corresponding digit in `N`. Deal with the digits from the highest to the lowest accordingly. For the rightmost digit, if the rightmost digit of `N` is in `D`, then  the greatest positive integer that can be written using the digits of `D` and does not exceed `N` is just `N`.
