# 647. Palindromic Substrings
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string, your task is to count how many palindromic substrings in this string.

The substrings with different start indexes or end indexes are counted as different substrings even they consist of same characters.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "abc"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Three palindromic strings: "a", "b", "c".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "aaa"

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** Six palindromic strings: "a", "a", "a", "aa", "aa", "aaa".

**Note:**

1. The input string length won't exceed 1000.

## Solution
For each index `i` in range `[0, s.length() - 1]`, let `i` be the middle index of a palindromic substring of odd length, and count the number of palindromic substrings. A substring of length 1 is always a palindromic substring, so increase the counter by 1. Each time append two characters at the start and the end of the substring and check whether the new substring is a palindromic substring. If so, increase the counter by 1. Otherwise, go to the next index and use the new index as the middle of a palindromic substring of odd length, and repeat the process until the end of the string is met.

For each index `i` in range `[1, s.length() - 1]`, let `i - 1` and `i` be the two middle indices of a palindromic substring of even length, and count the number of palindromic substrings. If the characters at indices `i - 1` and `i` are different, then the substrings can't be palindromic substrings, so go to the next index. Otherwise, the substring of length 2 is a palindromic substring, so increase the counter by 1. Each time append two characters at the start and the end of the substring and check whether the new substring is a palindromic substring. If so, increase the counter by 1. Otherwise, go to the next index and use the new index as the middle of a palindromic substring of odd length, and repeat the process until the end of the string is met.

Finally, return the counter.
