# 983. Minimum Cost For Tickets
## Level
Medium

## Description
In a country popular for train travel, you have planned some train travelling one year in advance. The days of the year that you will travel is given as an array `days`. Each day is an integer from `1` to `365`.

Train tickets are sold in 3 different ways:

* a 1-day pass is sold for `costs[0]` dollars;
* a 7-day pass is sold for `costs[1]` dollars;
* a 30-day pass is sold for `costs[2]` dollars.

The passes allow that many days of consecutive travel. For example, if we get a 7-day pass on day 2, then we can travel for 7 days: day 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8.

Return the minimum number of dollars you need to travel every day in the given list of `days`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** days = [1,4,6,7,8,20], costs = [2,7,15]

**Output:** 11

**Explanation:**

For example, here is one way to buy passes that lets you travel your travel plan:

On day 1, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2, which covered day 1.

On day 3, you bought a 7-day pass for costs[1] = $7, which covered days 3, 4, ..., 9.

On day 20, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2, which covered day 20.

In total you spent $11 and covered all the days of your travel.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** days = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,30,31], costs = [2,7,15]

**Output:** 17

**Explanation:**

For example, here is one way to buy passes that lets you travel your travel plan:

On day 1, you bought a 30-day pass for costs[2] = $15 which covered days 1, 2, ..., 30.

On day 31, you bought a 1-day pass for costs[0] = $2 which covered day 31.

In total you spent $17 and covered all the days of your travel.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= days.length <= 365`
2. `1 <= days[i] <= 365`
3. `days` is in strictly increasing order.
4. `costs.length == 3`
5. `1 <= costs[i] <= 1000`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Obtain `minDay = days[0]` and `maxDay = days[days.length - 1]`, and create a 2D array `dp` of `maxDay + 1` rows and 4 columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the minimum cost for tickets up to the `i`-th day when the `j`-th selection is made on the `i`-th day. The 4 selections are: buy a 1-day pass, buy a 7-day pass, buy a 30-day pass, and do not buy a pass.

Obviously, `dp[i][j] = 0` for `0 <= i < minDay` and `0 <= j < 4`. For `i >= minDay` and `0 <= j < 4`, initialize `dp[i][j] = Integer.MAX_VALUE`. Then for `i >= minDay`, find the minimum value in the previous day, which is `prevMin = min(dp[i - 1])`. If the current day `i` is in `days`, then consider all 4 selections, and update the current day's `dp` value. For the first 3 selections, update the `dp` values of the following days' last selection as well. If the current day `i` is not in `days`, then for the first 3 selections, update the `dp` values in the same way, and for the last selection, the value is `dp[i][3] = Math.min(dp[i][3], prevMin)`.

Finally, obtain the minimum value of `dp[maxDay]` and return.
