# 673. Number of Longest Increasing Subsequence
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an unsorted array of integers, find the number of longest increasing subsequence.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,3,5,4,7]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** The two longest increasing subsequence are [1, 3, 4, 7] and [1, 3, 5, 7].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [2,2,2,2,2]

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** The length of longest continuous increasing subsequence is 1, and there are 5 subsequences' length is 1, so output 5.

**Note:** Length of the given array will be not exceed 2000 and the answer is guaranteed to be fit in 32-bit signed int.

## Solution
This problem can be solved in two steps. The first step is to find the length of the longest increasing subsequence. The second step is to find the number of longest increasing subsequences. Both steps are done using dynamic programming.

Suppose the length of `nums` is `length`.

For step 1, create an array `dp` of length `length`, where `dp[i]` represents the longest increasing subsequence that ends at index `i`. Initialize `dp[0] = 1`. For `0 < i < length`, set `dp[i]` to be the largest value of `dp[j] + 1` where `0 <= j < i`. The maximum element in `dp` is the length of the longest increasing subsequence, and let `maxLength` represent the maximum length.

For step2, create a 2D array `dp2d` of `length` rows and `maxLength + 1` columns, where `dp2d[i][j]` represents the number of increasing subsequences that ends at index `i` and have length `j`. Initialize `dp2d[i][0] = 1` for all `0 <= i < length`, and initialize `dp2d[0][1] = 1`. Fo `0 <= j < i < length` and `0 < k < maxLength`, if `nums[j] < nums[i]`, then add `dp2d[j][k]` to `dp2d[i][k + 1]`. Finally, calculate the sum of elements in the last row of `dp2d`, and return.
