# 1703. Minimum Adjacent Swaps for K Consecutive Ones
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an integer array, `nums`, and an integer `k`. `nums` comprises of only `0`'s and `1`'s. In one move, you can choose two **adjacent** indices and swap their values.

Return *the **minimum** number of moves required so that `nums` has `k` **consecutive** `1`'s*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,0,0,1,0,1], k = 2

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** In 1 move, nums could be [1,0,0,0,1,1] and have 2 consecutive 1's.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [1,0,0,0,0,0,1,1], k = 3

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** In 5 moves, the leftmost 1 can be shifted right until nums = [0,0,0,0,0,1,1,1].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [1,1,0,1], k = 2

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** nums already has 2 consecutive 1's.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `nums[i]` is `0` or `1`.
* `1 <= k <= sum(nums)`

## Solution
If `k == 1`, then no swap is needed, so return 0.

Loop over `nums` and obtain all the indices of ones, and calculate the differences between indices of each pair of adjacent ones. Calculate the prefix sums and the postfix sums of the differences.

Obviously, to obtain the minimum swap for `k` consecutive ones, the ones should be swapped to the middle. For the first `k` consecutive ones, use the first `k - 1` differences to calculate the number of swaps. For the remaining groups of `k` consecutive ones, use the prefix sums and the postfix sums to update the number of swaps. Maintain the minimum number of swaps in the process. Finally, return the minimum number of swaps.
