# 312. Burst Balloons
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given `n` balloons, indexed from `0` to `n-1`. Each balloon is painted with a number on it represented by array `nums`. You are asked to burst all the balloons. If the you burst balloon `i` you will get `nums[left] * nums[i] * nums[right]` coins. Here `left` and `right` are adjacent indices of `i`. After the burst, the `left` and `right` then becomes adjacent.

Find the maximum coins you can collect by bursting the balloons wisely.

**Note:**

* You may imagine `nums[-1] = nums[n] = 1`. They are not real therefore you can not burst them.
* 0 ≤ `n` ≤ 500, 0 ≤ `nums[i]` ≤ 100

**Example:**
```
Input: [3,1,5,8]
Output: 167 
Explanation: nums = [3,1,5,8] --> [3,5,8] -->   [3,8]   -->  [8]  --> []
             coins =  3*1*5      +  3*5*8    +  1*3*8      + 1*8*1   = 167
```

## Solution
Several solutions exist for this problem, including backtracking, divide and conquer, and dynamic programming. This solution uses dynamic programming.

Create a 2D array `dp` of `nums.length` rows and `nums.length` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum coins that can be collected from index `i` to index `j` for `i <= j`. The objective is to find `dp[0][nums.length - 1]`. Obviously, `dp[i][j] = 0` if `i > j`.

For `i` from 0 to `nums.length - 1` and for `j` from `i` to `nums.length - 1`, all balloons from index `j - i` to index `j` (both inclusive) can be burst. For each index `k` such that `j - i <= k <= j`, bursting the balloon at index `k` will split the remaining elements of array `nums` into two parts, and the current coins equal the coins in both parts plus the coins collected in the current burst. Loop over all values of `k` to obtain the maximum value of `dp[j - i][j]`. Finally, return `dp[0][nums.length - 1]`.
