# 1942. The Number of the Smallest Unoccupied Chair
## Level
Medium

## Description
There is a party where `n` friends numbered from `0` to `n - 1` are attending. There is an **infinite** number of chairs in this party that are numbered from `0` to `infinity`. When a friend arrives at the party, they sit on the unoccupied chair with the **smallest number**.

* For example, if chairs `0`, `1`, and `5` are occupied when a friend comes, they will sit on chair number `2`.

When a friend leaves the party, their chair becomes unoccupied at the moment they leave. If another friend arrives at that same moment, they can sit in that chair.

You are given a **0-indexed** 2D integer array `times` where `times[i] = [arrival_i, leaving_i]`, indicating the arrival and leaving times of the `i-th` friend respectively, and an integer `targetFriend`. All arrival times are **distinct**.

Return *the **chair number** that the friend numbered `targetFriend` will sit on*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** times = [[1,4],[2,3],[4,6]], targetFriend = 1

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**
- Friend 0 arrives at time 1 and sits on chair 0.
- Friend 1 arrives at time 2 and sits on chair 1.
- Friend 1 leaves at time 3 and chair 1 becomes empty.
- Friend 0 leaves at time 4 and chair 0 becomes empty.
- Friend 2 arrives at time 4 and sits on chair 0.

Since friend 1 sat on chair 1, we return 1.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** times = [[3,10],[1,5],[2,6]], targetFriend = 0

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**
- Friend 1 arrives at time 1 and sits on chair 0.
- Friend 2 arrives at time 2 and sits on chair 1.
- Friend 0 arrives at time 3 and sits on chair 2.
- Friend 1 leaves at time 5 and chair 0 becomes empty.
- Friend 2 leaves at time 6 and chair 1 becomes empty.
- Friend 0 leaves at time 10 and chair 2 becomes empty.

Since friend 0 sat on chair 2, we return 2.

**Constraints:**

* `n == times.length`
* `2 <= n <= 10^4`
* `times[i].length == 2`
* `1 <= arrival_i < leaving_i <= 10^5`
* `0 <= targetFriend <= n - 1`
* Each `arrival_i` time is **distinct**.

## Solution
Use a tree set to store unoccupied chairs. Since there are `n` friends, only the chairs numbered from 0 to `n - 1` are needed. Loop over all arrival times and leaving times in order. Each time a friend arrives, select the smallest element from the tree set and remove the smallest element from the tree set. Use a hash map to store the friend's chair number. Each time a friend leaves, obtain the friend's chair number from the hash map and add the chair number back to the tree set. When the friend numbered `targetFriend` arrives, return the chair number of `targetFriend`.
