# 1826. Faulty Sensor
## Level
Easy

## Description
An experiment is being conducted in a lab. To ensure accuracy, there are **two** sensors collecting data simultaneously. You are given 2 arrays `sensor1` and `sensor2`, where `sensor1[i]` and `sensor2[i]` are the `i-th` data points collected by the two sensors.

However, this type of sensor has a chance of being defective, which causes **exactly one** data point to be dropped. After the data is dropped, all the data points to the **right** of the dropped data are **shifted** one place to the left, and the last data point is replaced with some **random value**. It is guaranteed that this random value will **not** be equal to the dropped value.

* For example, if the correct data is `[1,2,3,4,5]` and `3` is dropped, the sensor could return `[1,2,4,5,7]` (the last position can be **any* value, not just `7`).

We know that there is a defect in **at most one** of the sensors. Return *the sensor number (`1` or `2`) with the defect. If there is **no defect** in either sensor or if it is **impossible** to determine the defective sensor, return `-1`*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** sensor1 = [2,3,4,5], sensor2 = [2,1,3,4]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Sensor 2 has the correct values.

The second data point from sensor 2 is dropped, and the last value of sensor 1 is replaced by a 5.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** sensor1 = [2,2,2,2,2], sensor2 = [2,2,2,2,5]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** It is impossible to determine which sensor has a defect.

Dropping the last value for either sensor could produce the output for the other sensor.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** sensor1 = [2,3,2,2,3,2], sensor2 = [2,3,2,3,2,7]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Sensor 1 has the correct values.

The fourth data point from sensor 1 is dropped, and the last value of sensor 1 is replaced by a 7.

**Constraints:**

* `sensor1.length == sensor2.length`
* `1 <= sensor1.length <= 100`
* `1 <= sensor1[i], sensor2[i] <= 100`

## Solution
Loop over `sensor1` and `sensor2` and find the first index where the elements in the two arrays differ. If the first index is greater than or equal to `sensor1.length - 1`, return -1. Otherwise, check whether the defect exists in `sensor1` or `sensor2` by looping over the remaining elements.
