# 30. Substring with Concatenation of All Words
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given a string, **s**, and a list of words, **words**, that are all of the same length. Find all starting indices of substring(s) in **s** that is a concatenation of each word in **words** exactly once and without any intervening characters.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

  **s** = "barfoothefoobarman",

  **words** = ["foo","bar"]

**Output:** [0,9]

**Explanation:** Substrings starting at index 0 and 9 are "barfoo" and "foobar" respectively. The output order does not matter, returning [9,0] is fine too.

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

  **s** = "wordgoodgoodgoodbestword",

  **words** = ["word","good","best","word"]

**Output:** []

## Solution
Since all words in `words` have the same length, the length of the substring can easily be obtained. Use a map to store the number of occurrences of each word in `words`.

Loop over `s` and check all the substrings with the required length. For each substring, check whether it is a concatenation of each word in `words` exactly once and without any intervening characters. The way to check is as follows. Use a second map to store the number of occurrences of each word in the substring. Suppose each word in `words` has length `wordLength`. Check the words in the substring starting with indices `k * wordLength` and have length `wordLength` where `k` is a non-negative integer. If a word doesn't exist in the first map, then the substring does not match. If a word's number of occurrences in the substring is greater than its number of occurrences in the first map, then the substring does not match. If the substring matches, add the start index of the substring to the result list. Finally, return the result list.
