# 842. Split Array into Fibonacci Sequence
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `S` of digits, such as `S = "123456579"`, we can split it into a *Fibonacci-like sequence* `[123, 456, 579]`.

Formally, a Fibonacci-like sequence is a list `F` of non-negative integers such that:

* `0 <= F[i] <= 2^31 - 1`, (that is, each integer fits a 32-bit signed integer type);
* `F.length >= 3`;
* and `F[i] + F[i+1] = F[i+2]` for all `0 <= i < F.length - 2`.

Also, note that when splitting the string into pieces, each piece must not have extra leading zeroes, except if the piece is the number 0 itself.

Return any Fibonacci-like sequence split from `S`, or return `[]` if it cannot be done.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "123456579"

**Output:** [123,456,579]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "11235813"

**Output:** [1,1,2,3,5,8,13]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "112358130"

**Output:** []

**Explanation:** The task is impossible.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "0123"

**Output:** []

**Explanation:** Leading zeroes are not allowed, so "01", "2", "3" is not valid.

**Example 5:**

**Input:** "1101111"

**Output:** [110, 1, 111]

**Explanation:** The output [11, 0, 11, 11] would also be accepted.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= S.length <= 200`
2. `S` contains only digits.

## Solution
First check the maximum end index of the first number and the second number. Suppose the string contains only three numbers that form a Fibonacci-like sequence, then the third number can't be shorter than either the first number of the second number. Suppose the length of string `S` is `length`, then the maximum end index of the first number is `length / 2 - 1` and the maximum end index of the second number is `length * 2 / 3 - 1`.

For each possible choice of the first number and the second number, try to form a Fibonacci-like sequence starting from the first number and the second number. If one choice can lead to a Fibonacci-like sequence that equals `S`, return a list containing all the numbers in the sequence. Otherwise, return an empty list.
