# 921. Minimum Add to Make Parentheses Valid
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `S` of `'('` and `')'` parentheses, we add the minimum number of parentheses (`'('` or `')'`, and in any positions) so that the resulting parentheses string is valid.

Formally, a parentheses string is valid if and only if:

* It is the empty string, or
* It can be written as `AB` (`A` concatenated with `B`), where `A` and `B` are valid strings, or
* It can be written as `(A)`, where `A` is a valid string.

Given a parentheses string, return the minimum number of parentheses we must add to make the resulting string valid.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "())"

**Output:** 1

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "((("

**Output:** 3

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "()"

**Output:** 0

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "()))(("

**Output:** 4

**Note:**

1. `S.length <= 1000`
2. `S` only consists of `'('` and `')'` characters.

## Solution
The basic idea is as follows.

1. If a `')'` is met, then a `'('` must occur before the `')'` to match the `')'`. If more `')'` characters exist than `'('` characters, then `'('` characters need to be added to make the string valid.
2. If a `'('` is met, then a `')'` must occur after the `'('` to match the `'('`. If the end of the string is reached and there are remaining `'('` characters, then `')'` characters need to be added to make the string valid.

The algorithm can be implemented using a stack. To simply the implementation, use a counter instead. If a `'('` is met, increase the counter by 1. If a `')'` is met, then check the counter. If the counter is greater than 0, then decrease the counter by 1. Otherwise, a `'('` needs to be added, so remain the counter to 0 and increase the number of add by 1. When the end of the string is reached, if the counter is greater than 0, then `')'` characters need to be added at the end of the string, so increase the number of add by the counter. Finally, return the number of add.
