# 1807. Evaluate the Bracket Pairs of a String
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string `s` that contains some bracket pairs, with each pair containing a **non-empty** key.

* For example, in the string `"(name)is(age)yearsold"`, there are **two** bracket pairs that contain the keys `"name"` and `"age"`.

You know the values of a wide range of keys. This is represented by a 2D string array `knowledge` where each `knowledge[i] = [key_i, value_i]` indicates that key `key_i` has a value of `value_i`.

You are tasked to evaluate **all** of the bracket pairs. When you evaluate a bracket pair that contains some key `key_i`, you will:

* Replace `key_i` and the bracket pair with the key's corresponding `value_i`.
* If you do not know the value of the key, you will replace `key_i` and the bracket pair with a question mark `"?"` (without the quotation marks).

Each key will appear at most once in your `knowledge`. There will not be any nested brackets in `s`.

Return *the resulting string after evaluating **all** of the bracket pairs*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "(name)is(age)yearsold", knowledge = [["name","bob"],["age","two"]]

**Output:** "bobistwoyearsold"

**Explanation:**

The key "name" has a value of "bob", so replace "(name)" with "bob".

The key "age" has a value of "two", so replace "(age)" with "two".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "hi(name)", knowledge = [["a","b"]]

**Output:** "hi?"

**Explanation:** As you do not know the value of the key "name", replace "(name)" with "?".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "(a)(a)(a)aaa", knowledge = [["a","yes"]]

**Output:** "yesyesyesaaa"

**Explanation:** The same key can appear multiple times.

The key "a" has a value of "yes", so replace all occurrences of "(a)" with "yes".

Notice that the "a"s not in a bracket pair are not evaluated.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "(a)(b)", knowledge = [["a","b"],["b","a"]]

**Output:** "ba"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= knowledge.length <= 10^5`
* `knowledge[i].length == 2`
* `1 <= key_i.length, value_i.length <= 10`
* `s` consists of lowercase English letters and round brackets `'('` and `')'`.
* Every open bracket `'('` in `s` will have a corresponding close bracket `')'`.
* The key in each bracket pair of `s` will be non-empty.
* There will not be any nested bracket pairs in `s`.
* `key_i` and `value_i` consist of lowercase English letters.
* Each `key_i` in `knowledge` is unique.

## Solution
First use a map to store all key-value pairs in `knowledge`. Then loop over `s` and generate the evaluated string. If the current position is out of brackets, simply append the current character to the evaluated string. Otherwise, find the key, get the value from the map and append the value to the evaluated string, or append `"?"` to the evaluated string if the key does not exist in the map. Finally, return the evaluated string.
