# 1458. Max Dot Product of Two Subsequences
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given two arrays `nums1` and `nums2`.

Return the maximum dot product between **non-empty** subsequences of nums1 and nums2 with the same length.

A subsequence of a array is a new array which is formed from the original array by deleting some (can be none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters. (ie, `[2,3,5]` is a subsequence of `[1,2,3,4,5]` while `[1,5,3]` is not).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums1 = [2,1,-2,5], nums2 = [3,0,-6]

**Output:** 18

**Explanation:** Take subsequence [2,-2] from nums1 and subsequence [3,-6] from nums2.
Their dot product is (2*3 + (-2)*(-6)) = 18.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums1 = [3,-2], nums2 = [2,-6,7]

**Output:** 21

**Explanation:** Take subsequence [3] from nums1 and subsequence [7] from nums2.
Their dot product is (3*7) = 21.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums1 = [-1,-1], nums2 = [1,1]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** Take subsequence [-1] from nums1 and subsequence [1] from nums2.
Their dot product is -1.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums1.length, nums2.length <= 500`
* `-1000 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 1000`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` of `nums1.length` rows and `nums2.length` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum dot product of subsequences `nums1[0..i]` and `nums2[0..j]`. Initialize `dp[0][0] = nums1[0] * nums2[0]`. For `i` from 1 to `nums1.length - 1`, set `dp[i][0] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][0], nums1[i] * nums2[0])`. For `i` from 1 to `nums2.length - 1`, set `dp[0][i] = Math.max(dp[0][i - 1], nums1[0] * nums2[i])`.

Then for `i` from 1 to `nums1.length - 1` and `j` from 1 to `nums2.length - 1`, `nums1[i] * nums2[j]` is either considered or not considered. If it is not considered, then `dp[i][j]` is the maximum of `dp[i - 1][j]` and `dp[i][j - 1]`. If it is considered, then `dp[i][j]` is the maximum of `dp[i - 1][j - 1]`, `nums1[i] * nums2[j]` and `dp[i - 1][j - 1] + nums1[i] * nums2[j]`. Let `dp[i][j]` be the maximum value among these values.

Finally, return `dp[nums1.length - 1][nums2.length - 1]`.
