# 1674. Minimum Moves to Make Array Complementary
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given an integer array `nums` of **even** length `n` and an integer `limit`. In one move, you can replace any integer from `nums` with another integer between `1` and `limit`, inclusive.

The array `nums` is **complementary** if for all indices `i` (**0-indexed**), `nums[i] + nums[n - 1 - i]` equals the same number. For example, the array `[1,2,3,4]` is complementary because for all indices `i`, `nums[i] + nums[n - 1 - i] = 5`.

Return the ***minimum number** of moves required to make `nums` **complementary***.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,4,3], limit = 4

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** In 1 move, you can change nums to [1,2,2,3].

nums[0] + nums[3] = 1 + 3 = 4.

nums[1] + nums[2] = 2 + 2 = 4.

nums[2] + nums[1] = 2 + 2 = 4.

nums[3] + nums[0] = 3 + 1 = 4.

Therefore, nums[i] + nums[n-1-i] = 4 for every i, so nums is complementary.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,2,1], limit = 2

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** In 2 moves, you can change nums to [2,2,2,2]. You cannot change any number to 3 since 3 > limit.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,1,2], limit = 2

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** nums is already complementary.

**Constraints:**

* `n == nums.length`
* `2 <= n <= 10^5`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= limit <= 10^5`
* `n` is even.

## Solution
For an array of length `n`, there are `n / 2 `pairs of elements, each of which should have the same sum. To change the sum of a pair of elements, at most 2 moves are needed. Suppose the two elements are at indices `i` and `j` respectively, where `i < j`. To change the sum of the pair of elements in 1 move, the target sum should be at least `Math.min(nums[i], nums[j]) + 1` and at most `Math.max(nums[i], nums[j]) + limit`. If the target sum equals `nums[i] + nums[j]`, then no moves are needed. If the target sum is out of the range, then 2 moves are needed.

For each target sum in the range `[2, limit * 2]`, calculate the corresponding number of moves, and maintain the minimum number of moves. Finally, return the minimum number of moves.
