# 402. Remove K Digits
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a non-negative integer *num* represented as a string, remove *k* digits from the number so that the new number is the smallest possible.

**Note:**

* The length of *num* is less than 10002 and will be ≥ *k*.
* The given *num* does not contain any leading zero.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** num = "1432219", k = 3

**Output:** "1219"

**Explanation:** Remove the three digits 4, 3, and 2 to form the new number 1219 which is the smallest.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** num = "10200", k = 1

**Output:** "200"

Explanation:** Remove the leading 1 and the number is 200. Note that the output must not contain leading zeroes.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** num = "10", k = 2

**Output:** "0"

**Explanation:** Remove all the digits from the number and it is left with nothing which is 0.

## Solution
If `k >= nums.length`, then all digits can be removed from `nums` and the remaining number is "0".

Since the smallest possible number is to be found, always keep the smallest digit when possible.

Use a stack to store the remaining digits. The most significant digit is pushed into the stack first, which means the most significant digit is at the bottom of the stack.

Loop over `num` from left to right. If the stack is empty, then push the digit into the stack if the digit is not zero since leading zeroes are removed. If the stack is not empty and the current digit is less than the top element of the stack and `k` is greater than 0, then pop the stack and push the current digit into the stack, while `k` is decreased by 1. Repeat the process until `k` becomes 0 or the whole `num` is looped over.

If the whole `num` is looped over and `k` is greater than 0, then pop `k` digits from the stack.

The remaining digits form the new number which is the smallest, where the top element of the stack represents the least significant digit in the new number. Obtain the new number and return.
