# 689. Maximum Sum of 3 Non-Overlapping Subarrays
## Level
Hard

## Description
In a given array `nums` of positive integers, find three non-overlapping subarrays with maximum sum.

Each subarray will be of size `k`, and we want to maximize the sum of all `3*k` entries.

Return the result as a list of indices representing the starting position of each interval (0-indexed). If there are multiple answers, return the lexicographically smallest one.

**Example:**

**Input:** [1,2,1,2,6,7,5,1], 2

**Output:** [0, 3, 5]

**Explanation:** Subarrays [1, 2], [2, 6], [7, 5] correspond to the starting indices [0, 3, 5].
We could have also taken [2, 1], but an answer of [1, 3, 5] would be lexicographically larger.

**Note:**

* `nums.length` will be between 1 and 20000.
* `nums[i]` will be between 1 and 65535.
* `k` will be between 1 and floor(nums.length / 3).

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. First calculate the prefix sum of each element and store the sums in array `prefixSums`, where `prefixSums[i]` is the sum of all elements from `nums[i - k + 1]` to `nums[i]` for `i >= k - 1`. Then create two 2D arrays `dp` and `path` of `nums.length` rows and 3 columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum sum of `j + 1` subarrays that end at index `i`, and `path[i][j]` represents the corresponding index. Initialize `dp[k - 1][0] = prefixSums[k - 1]` and `path[k - 1][0] = k - 1`.

Loop over `i` from `k` to `nums.length - 1` and `j` from 0 to 2. For each `(i, j)`, initialize `dp[i][j] = dp[i - 1][j]` and `path[i][j] = path[i - 1][j]`. The previous sum is `prefixSums[i] + dp[i - k][j - 1]`, where `dp[i - k][j - 1]` is 0 if `j == 0`. If the previous sum is greater than `dp[i][j]`, then update `dp[i][j]` with the previous sum and update `path[i][j] = i`.

After the elements in `dp` and `path` are filled, find the start indices of each subarray using `path` and return the array that contains the start indices.
