# 446. Arithmetic Slices II - Subsequence
## Level
Hard

## Description
A sequence of numbers is called arithmetic if it consists of at least three elements and if the difference between any two consecutive elements is the same.

For example, these are arithmetic sequences:
```
1, 3, 5, 7, 9
7, 7, 7, 7
3, -1, -5, -9
```
The following sequence is not arithmetic.
```
1, 1, 2, 5, 7
```

A zero-indexed array A consisting of N numbers is given. A **subsequence** slice of that array is any sequence of integers (P<sub>0</sub>, P<sub>1</sub>, ..., P<sub>k</sub>) such that 0 ≤ P<sub>0</sub> < P<sub>1</sub> < ... < P<sub>k</sub> < N.

A **subsequence** slice (P<sub>0</sub>, P<sub>1</sub>, ..., P<sub>k</sub>) of array A is called arithmetic if the sequence A[P<sub>0</sub>], A[P<sub>1</sub>], ..., A[P<sub>k-1</sub>], A[P<sub>k</sub>] is arithmetic. In particular, this means that k ≥ 2.

The function should return the number of arithmetic subsequence slices in the array A.

The input contains N integers. Every integer is in the range of -2<sup>31</sup> and 2<sup>31</sup>-1 and 0 ≤ N ≤ 1000. The output is guaranteed to be less than 2<sup>31</sup>-1.
 
**Example:**

**Input:** [2, 4, 6, 8, 10]

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:**

All arithmetic subsequence slices are:

[2,4,6]

[4,6,8]

[6,8,10]

[2,4,6,8]

[4,6,8,10]

[2,4,6,8,10]

[2,6,10]

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. For each element in `A`, create a map that stores each arithmetic difference and the corresponding number of weak arithmetic subsequence slices that ends at the current element in `A`. Here "weak" means that the arithmetic subsequence has length at least 2.

For `i` from 0 to `A.length - 1` and for `j` from 0 to `i - 1`, update the number of weak arithmetic subsequence slices that end at `i` using the information at `j`, by calculating the difference and updating the counts. To obtain the number of arithmetic subsequence slices that have length at least 3, remove the weak arithmetic subsequence slices that have length 2.
