# 26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a sorted array *nums*, remove the duplicates **[in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** such that each element appear only *once* and return the new length.

Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by **modifying the input array [in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** with O(1) extra memory.

**Example 1:**

Given *nums* = **[1,1,2]**,

Your function should return length = **2**, with the first two elements of *nums* being 1 and 2 respectively.

It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the returned length.

**Example 2:**

Given *nums* = **[0,0,1,1,1,2,2,3,3,4]**,

Your function should return length = **5**, with the first five elements of *nums* being modified to **0**, **1**, **2**, **3**, and **4** respectively.

It doesn't matter what values are set beyond the returned length.

**Clarification:**

Confused why the returned value is an integer but your answer is an array?

Note that the input array is passed in by **reference**, which means modification to the input array will be known to the caller as well.

Internally you can think of this:
```
// nums is passed in by reference. (i.e., without making a copy)
int len = removeDuplicates(nums);

// any modification to nums in your function would be known by the caller.
// using the length returned by your function, it prints the first len elements.
for (int i = 0; i < len; i++) {
    print(nums[i]);
}
```

## Solution
If the array is `null` or has length 0, return the array.

Since the array is sorted, just loop the array in one pass and update the array once a new number is found.

Use a variable `index` to track the position where the number should be replaced with a different number, as well as the number of unique elements. Each time a new number is found (if a number is greater than the previous number in the array, then the number is a new number), swap the new number with the number at position `index`. After swapping, increase `index` by 1.

Finally, return `index`, which represents the new length.
