# 394. Decode String
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an encoded string, return its decoded string.

The encoding rule is: `k[encoded_string]`, where the *encoded_string* inside the square brackets is being repeated exactly *k* times. Note that *k* is guaranteed to be a positive integer.

You may assume that the input string is always valid; No extra white spaces, square brackets are well-formed, etc.

Furthermore, you may assume that the original data does not contain any digits and that digits are only for those repeat numbers, *k*. For example, there won't be input like `3a` or `2[4]`.

**Examples:**
```
s = "3[a]2[bc]", return "aaabcbc".
s = "3[a2[c]]", return "accaccacc".
s = "2[abc]3[cd]ef", return "abcabccdcdcdef".
```

## Solution
Since the input string is always valid, there is no need to consider error handling.

If the input string is empty, then simply return the input string.

Use a stack to decode the string. If a number or a `[` symbol is met, push it into the stack. If a letter is met, as long as the top of the stack is a string that contains letters only, pop the top string, append the current letter to the string, and push the new string to the stack. If a `]` symbol is met, then pop the top element from the stack, which is a string of letters, and pop the `[` out and pop the number `curCount`. Repeat the string `curCount` times and push the repeated string into the stack, merge with the top of the stack if there is a previous string of letters.

Finally, there should be only one string in the stack. Pop the string and return.
