# 452. Minimum Number of Arrows to Burst Balloons
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are a number of spherical balloons spread in two-dimensional space. For each balloon, provided input is the start and end coordinates of the horizontal diameter. Since it's horizontal, y-coordinates don't matter and hence the x-coordinates of start and end of the diameter suffice. Start is always smaller than end. There will be at most 10<sup>4</sup> balloons.

An arrow can be shot up exactly vertically from different points along the x-axis. A balloon with x<sub>start</sub> and x<sub>end</sub> bursts by an arrow shot at x if x<sub>start</sub> ≤ x ≤ x<sub>end</sub>. There is no limit to the number of arrows that can be shot. An arrow once shot keeps travelling up infinitely. The problem is to find the minimum number of arrows that must be shot to burst all balloons.

**Example:**

**Input:** [[10,16], [2,8], [1,6], [7,12]]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** One way is to shoot one arrow for example at x = 6 (bursting the balloons [2,8] and [1,6]) and another arrow at x = 11 (bursting the other two balloons).

## Solution
Sort the array `points` according to start points in ascending order and then according to end points in ascending order.

Loop over `points` and maintain `left` and `right`. If an arrow is shot in the range `[left, right]`, it will burst all the balloons visited so far (except the balloons already burst). If the current `point` in `points` has `point[0] > right`, then the current arrow can't burst the current `point`, so add the arrows count by 1, and update `left = point[0]` and `right = point[1]`. Otherwise, to burst the current `point` and the previous ones using one array, update `left = Math.max(left, point[0])` and `right = Math.min(right, point[1])`. After looping over `points`, add the arrows count by 1 since the remaining balloons need to be burst. Finally, return the arrows count.
