# 272. Closest Binary Search Tree Value II
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a non-empty binary search tree and a target value, find *k* values in the BST that are closest to the target.

**Note:**

* Given target value is a floating point.
* You may assume *k* is always valid, that is: *k* <= total nodes.
* You are guaranteed to have only one unique set of *k* values in the BST that are closest to the target.

**Example:**
```
Input: root = [4,2,5,1,3], target = 3.714286, and k = 2

    4
   / \
  2   5
 / \
1   3

Output: [4,3]
```

**Follow up:**

Assume that the BST is balanced, could you solve it in less than O(*n*) runtime (where *n* = total nodes)?

## Solution
Since the inorder traversal of a binary search tree has all the values sorted in ascending order, it can be used to find the values closest to the target.

Obtain the inorder traversal of the binary search tree, and do binary search to find the index of the target in the inorder traversal. If the target value is in the inorder traversal, then add the target value to the result list, and initialize two indices `index1` and `index2` to be adjacent to the index of the target value. Otherwise, initialize two indices `index1` and `index2` such that the value at `index1` in the inorder traversal is the greatest value that is less than the target value and the value at `index2` in the inorder traversal is the smallest value that is greater than the target value. Each time obtain the two values at `index1` and `index2`, find the value which is closer to the target value, add the value to the result list and move the corresponding index to the next value that has a greater difference to the target value. Repeat the procedure until *k* values are found. Finally, return the result list.
