# 1911. Maximum Alternating Subsequence Sum
## Level
Medium

## Description
The **alternating sum** of a **0-indexed** array is defined as the **sum** of the elements at **even** indices **minus** the **sum** of the elements at **odd** indices.

* For example, the alternating sum of `[4,2,5,3]` is `(4 + 5) - (2 + 3) = 4`.

Given an array `nums`, return *the **maximum alternating sum** of any subsequence of `nums` (after **reindexing** the elements of the subsequence)*.

A **subsequence** of an array is a new array generated from the original array by deleting some elements (possibly none) without changing the remaining elements' relative order. For example, `[2,7,4]` is a subsequence of `[4,2,3,7,2,1,4]`, while `[2,4,2]` is not.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [4,2,5,3]

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** It is optimal to choose the subsequence [4,2,5] with alternating sum (4 + 5) - 2 = 7.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [5,6,7,8]

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** It is optimal to choose the subsequence [8] with alternating sum 8.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [6,2,1,2,4,5]

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** It is optimal to choose the subsequence [6,1,5] with alternating sum (6 + 5) - 1 = 10.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. For `0 <= i < nums.length`, let `dp[i][0]` represent the maximum alternating subsequence sum at index `i` when `nums[i]` is used as an even index or not used, and `dp[i][1]` represent the maximum alternating subsequence sum at index `i` when `nums[i]` is used as an odd index or not used.

Initially, `dp[0][0] = nums[0]` and `dp[0][1] = 0` (since all elements in `nums` are nonnegative). For `1 <= i < nums.length`, there exist relations `dp[i][0] = Math.max(Math.max(dp[i - 1][1], 0) + nums[i], dp[i - 1][0])` and `dp[i][1] = Math.max(Math.max(dp[i - 1][0] - nums[i], 0), dp[i - 1][1])`.

Finally, return the maximum of `dp[nums.length - 1][0]` and `dp[nums.length - 1][1]`.
