# 900. RLE Iterator
## Level
Medium

## Description
Write an iterator that iterates through a run-length encoded sequence.

The iterator is initialized by `RLEIterator(int[] A)`, where `A` is a run-length encoding of some sequence. More specifically, for all even `i`, `A[i]` tells us the number of times that the non-negative integer value `A[i+1]` is repeated in the sequence.

The iterator supports one function: `next(int n)`, which exhausts the next `n` elements (`n >= 1`) and returns the last element exhausted in this way.  If there is no element left to exhaust, `next` returns `-1` instead.

For example, we start with `A = [3,8,0,9,2,5]`, which is a run-length encoding of the sequence `[8,8,8,5,5]`. This is because the sequence can be read as "three eights, zero nines, two fives".

**Example 1:**
```
Input: ["RLEIterator","next","next","next","next"], [[[3,8,0,9,2,5]],[2],[1],[1],[2]]
Output: [null,8,8,5,-1]
Explanation: 
RLEIterator is initialized with RLEIterator([3,8,0,9,2,5]).
This maps to the sequence [8,8,8,5,5].
RLEIterator.next is then called 4 times:

.next(2) exhausts 2 terms of the sequence, returning 8.  The remaining sequence is now [8, 5, 5].

.next(1) exhausts 1 term of the sequence, returning 8.  The remaining sequence is now [5, 5].

.next(1) exhausts 1 term of the sequence, returning 5.  The remaining sequence is now [5].

.next(2) exhausts 2 terms, returning -1.  This is because the first term exhausted was 5,
but the second term did not exist.  Since the last term exhausted does not exist, we return -1.
```

**Note:**

1. `0 <= A.length <= 1000`
2. `A.length` is an even integer.
3. `0 <= A[i] <= 10^9`
4. There are at most `1000` calls to `RLEIterator.next(int n)` per test case.
5. Each call to `RLEIterator.next(int n)` will have `1 <= n <= 10^9`.

## Solution
Maintain a 2D array `sequence` to store the values and the number of times of each value. Also maintain `length` and `index` to store the number of distinct elements and the index of the current value.

For the constructor, given `A`, initialize `length = A.length / 2`, `index = 0` and `sequence` to a 2D array that has `length` rows and 2 columns, where each row contains a value and the number of times of the value. For example, if `A = [3,8,0,9,2,5]`, then `sequence = [[8,3],[9,0],[5,2]]`.

For `next(int n)`, find the smallest `index` such that `sequence[index][1] > 0`. If `index == length`, then no element is left, so return -1. Otherwise, try to subtract `n` from `sequence[index][1]`. If `sequence[index][1] < n`, then all the occurrences of the element `sequence[index][0]` are exhausted, so let `n -= sequence[index][1]` and increase `index` by 1. Repeat the process until `n` reduces to 0 or `index == length`. If `index == length`, return -1. Otherwise, return `sequence[index][0]`.
