# 1234. Replace the Substring for Balanced String
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string containing only 4 kinds of characters `'Q'`, `'W'`, `'E'` and `'R'`.

A string is said to be **balanced** if each of its characters appears `n/4` times where `n` is the length of the string.

Return the minimum length of the substring that can be replaced with **any** other string of the same length to make the original string `s` **balanced**.

Return 0 if the string is already **balanced**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "QWER"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** s is already balanced.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "QQWE"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** We need to replace a 'Q' to 'R', so that "RQWE" (or "QRWE") is balanced.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "QQQW"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** We can replace the first "QQ" to "ER". 

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "QQQQ"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** We can replace the last 3 'Q' to make s = "QWER".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `s.length` is a multiple of `4`
* `s` contains only `'Q'`, `'W'`, `'E'` and `'R'`.

## Solution
Calculate the number of each letter in the balanced string `s`, which is the balance number. Loop over `s` to count the actual number of occurrences of each letter. If a letter's number of occurrences is greater than the balance number, then the letter should be included in the substring to be replaced. The minimum number of occurrences of each letter in the substring equals the actual number of occurrences of the letter minus the balance number if the letter's actual number of occurrences is greater than the balance number, or 0 otherwise.

Use a sliding window to find the shortest substring. Initialize `start` and `end` to 0. While `end` is less than `s.length()`, each time include the character at `s.charAt(end)`. If the current substring `s.substring(start, end + 1)` can make `s` balanced, then update the minimum length of the substring, and try to move `start` forward as long as the substring can still make `s` balanced, and update the minimum length. Stop moving `start` forward once the substring can no longer make `s` balanced. Then move `end` one step forward.

Finally, return the minimum length.
