# 1123. Lowest Common Ancestor of Deepest Leaves
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a rooted binary tree, return the lowest common ancestor of its deepest leaves.

Recall that:

* The node of a binary tree is a *leaf* if and only if it has no children
* The *depth* of the root of the tree is 0, and if the depth of a node is `d`, the depth of each of its children is `d+1`.
* The *lowest common ancestor* of a set `S` of nodes is the node `A` with the largest depth such that every node in `S` is in the subtree with root `A`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** root = [1,2,3]

**Output:** [1,2,3]

**Explanation:**

The deepest leaves are the nodes with values 2 and 3.

The lowest common ancestor of these leaves is the node with value 1.

The answer returned is a TreeNode object (not an array) with serialization "[1,2,3]".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** root = [1,2,3,4]

**Output:** [4]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** root = [1,2,3,4,5]

**Output:** [2,4,5]

**Constraints:**

* The given tree will have between 1 and 1000 nodes.
* Each node of the tree will have a distinct value between 1 and 1000.

## Solution
Use breadth first search to find all the deepest leaves. Since all nodes at the same level are visited in each iteration, the nodes visited in the last iteration are the deepest leaves. Use a map to store each node and its parent.

After the deepest leaves are obtained, find the parents of the deepest leaves. If there are several parents, then find the parents of the parents. Repeat this process until there is only one parent. Return the one parent.
