# 271. Encode and Decode Strings
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design an algorithm to encode **a list of strings** to **a string**. The encoded string is then sent over the network and is decoded back to the original list of strings.

Machine 1 (sender) has the function:
```
string encode(vector<string> strs) {
  // ... your code
  return encoded_string;
}
```
Machine 2 (receiver) has the function:
```
vector<string> decode(string s) {
  //... your code
  return strs;
}
```
So Machine 1 does:
```
string encoded_string = encode(strs);
```
and Machine 2 does:
```
vector<string> strs2 = decode(encoded_string);
```
`strs2` in Machine 2 should be the same as `strs` in Machine 1.

Implement the `encode` and `decode` methods.

**Note:**

* The string may contain any possible characters out of 256 valid ascii characters. Your algorithm should be generalized enough to work on any possible characters.
* Do not use class member/global/static variables to store states. Your encode and decode algorithms should be stateless.
* Do not rely on any library method such as `eval` or serialize methods. You should implement your own encode/decode algorithm.

## Solution
In `encode` method, store each string's length so that the strings can be uniquely determined. For each string `str` in `strs`, encode it as the following format: `str.length() + "/" + str`. For example, "encode" is encoded as "6/encode". All strings' encoding results are concatenated together.

In `decode` method, each time find the first index of `"/"`, and the substring before `"/"` is an integer that represents the length of the next string. Convert the substring before `"/"` into an integer, obtain the substring with the determined length just after `"/"`, and add the substring after `"/"` to the result list. After one string is decoded, continue with the remaining strings. Finally, return the result list.
