# 953. Verifying an Alien Dictionary
## Level
Easy

## Description
In an alien language, surprisingly they also use english lowercase letters, but possibly in a different `order`. The `order` of the alphabet is some permutation of lowercase letters.

Given a sequence of `words` written in the alien language, and the `order` of the alphabet, return `true` if and only if the given `words` are sorted lexicographicaly in this alien language.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** words = ["hello","leetcode"], order = "hlabcdefgijkmnopqrstuvwxyz"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** As 'h' comes before 'l' in this language, then the sequence is sorted.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** words = ["word","world","row"], order = "worldabcefghijkmnpqstuvxyz"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** As 'd' comes after 'l' in this language, then words[0] > words[1], hence the sequence is unsorted.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** words = ["apple","app"], order = "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** The first three characters "app" match, and the second string is shorter (in size). According to lexicographical rules "apple" > "app", because 'l' > '∅', where '∅' is defined as the blank character which is less than any other character ([More info](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lexicographical_order)).

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= words.length <= 100`
* `1 <= words[i].length <= 20`
* `order.length == 26`
* All characters in `words[i]` and `order` are English lowercase letters.

## Solution
Use a map to store each letter and its index in `order`, which is used as determining the order of the letters.

Then each time compare two adjacent words in `words`. If the two words are the same, then the compare result is 0. If at one index the letters in the two words are different, obtain their indices from the map and determine the relative order. If two words have different lengths and no difference is found for all the letters in the shorter word, then the shorter word is before the longer word.

If there exist two adjacent words that are not in lexicographical order, then return `false`. Otherwise, return `true`.
