# 1908. Game of Nim
## Level
Medium

## Description
Alice and Bob take turns playing a game with **Alice starting first**.

In this game, there are n piles of stones. On each player's turn, the player should remove any **positive** number of stones from a non-empty pile **of his or her choice**. The first player who cannot make a move loses, and the other player wins.

Given an integer array `piles`, where `piles[i]` is the number of stones in the `i-th` pile, return *`true` if Alice wins, or `false` if Bob wins*.

Both Alice and Bob play **optimally**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** piles = [1]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:8* There is only one possible scenario:
- On the first turn, Alice removes one stone from the first pile. piles = [0].
- On the second turn, there are no stones left for Bob to remove. Alice wins.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** piles = [1,1]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It can be proven that Bob will always win. One possible scenario is:
- On the first turn, Alice removes one stone from the first pile. piles = [0,1].
- On the second turn, Bob removes one stone from the second pile. piles = [0,0].
- On the third turn, there are no stones left for Alice to remove. Bob wins.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** piles = [1,2,3]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It can be proven that Bob will always win. One possible scenario is:
- On the first turn, Alice removes three stones from the third pile. piles = [1,2,0].
- On the second turn, Bob removes one stone from the second pile. piles = [1,1,0].
- On the third turn, Alice removes one stone from the first pile. piles = [0,1,0].
- On the fourth turn, Bob removes one stone from the second pile. piles = [0,0,0].
- On the fifth turn, there are no stones left for Alice to remove. Bob wins.

**Constraints:**

* `n == piles.length`
* `1 <= n <= 7`
* `1 <= piles[i] <= 7`

**Follow-up:** Could you find a linear time solution?

## Solution
For the game of Nim, where Alice starts first, Alice can win if and only if the bitwise xor results of all the elements in `piles` is not 0.
