# 936. Stamping The Sequence
## Level
Hard

## Description
You want to form a `target` string of **lowercase letters**.

At the beginning, your sequence is `target.length` `'?'` marks. You also have a `stamp` of lowercase letters.

On each turn, you may place the stamp over the sequence, and replace every letter in the sequence with the corresponding letter from the stamp. You can make up to `10 * target.length` turns.

For example, if the initial sequence is "?????", and your stamp is `"abc"`, then you may make "abc??", "?abc?", "??abc" in the first turn.  (Note that the stamp must be fully contained in the boundaries of the sequence in order to stamp.)

If the sequence is possible to stamp, then return an array of the index of the left-most letter being stamped at each turn. If the sequence is not possible to stamp, return an empty array.

For example, if the sequence is "ababc", and the stamp is `"abc"`, then we could return the answer `[0, 2]`, corresponding to the moves "?????" -> "abc??" -> "ababc".

Also, if the sequence is possible to stamp, it is guaranteed it is possible to stamp within `10 * target.length` moves. Any answers specifying more than this number of moves will not be accepted.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** stamp = "abc", target = "ababc"

**Output:** [0,2]

([1,0,2] would also be accepted as an answer, as well as some other answers.)

**Example 2:**

**Input:** stamp = "abca", target = "aabcaca"

**Output:** [3,0,1]

**Note:**

1. `1 <= stamp.length <= target.length <= 1000`
2. `stamp` and `target` only contain lowercase letters.

## Solution
Use greedy algorithm and consider this problem in the reversing way. Initially, for each window in `target` which has size `stamp.length()`, maintain two sets of indices that represents the indices where the letters match and the indices where the letters do not match, respectively. If a window does not have any letter that does not match, offer the start index of the window to a queue.

Each time poll an index from the queue and consider all the windows that contain the index. If a window has the index in the set of indices that the letters do not match, remove the index from the set and add the start index of the window to a stack. If the window does not have any letter that does not match after removal, offer all the elements in the window's match set into the queue.

Finally, the elements in the stack are the indices of the stamping sequence, where the order is from the top of the stack to the bottom of the stack.
