# 232. Implement Queue using Stacks
## Level
Easy

## Description
Implement the following operations of a queue using stacks.

* push(x) -- Push element x to the back of queue.
* pop() -- Removes the element from in front of queue.
* peek() -- Get the front element.
* empty() -- Return whether the queue is empty.

**Example:**
```
MyQueue queue = new MyQueue();

queue.push(1);
queue.push(2);  
queue.peek();  // returns 1
queue.pop();   // returns 1
queue.empty(); // returns false
```

**Notes:**

* You must use only standard operations of a stack -- which means only `push to top`, `peek/pop from top`, `size`, and `is empty` operations are valid.
* Depending on your language, stack may not be supported natively. You may simulate a stack by using a list or deque (double-ended queue), as long as you use only standard operations of a stack.
* You may assume that all operations are valid (for example, no pop or peek operations will be called on an empty queue).

## Solution
Use two stacks, where `stack1` is used for storing elements, and `stack2` is used as a subsidiary stack.

In a queue, the first element offed to the queue is polled first, and the last element offed to the queue is polled last. Therefore, when an element is pushed, it should be at the top of `stack1`. To perform a `push` operation, if `stack1` is not empty, pop all elements from `stack1` and push them into `stack2`, push the element into `stack1`, and then pop all elements from `stack2` and push them into `stack1`. This can ensure that the element just pushed is at the bottom at `stack1`, and will be popped last.

The operations `pop` and `peek` are quite straightforward. Just return the top element of `stack1`, while `pop` removes the top element from `stack1` but `peek` doesn't remove the top element from `stack1`.

To determine whether the queue is empty, use a variable `size` to store the number of elements in the queue, and `empty` returns `true` if and only if `size == 0`.
