# 1307. Verbal Arithmetic Puzzle
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an equation, represented by `words` on left side and the `result` on right side.

You need to check if the equation is solvable under the following rules:

* Each character is decoded as one digit (0 - 9).
* Every pair of different characters they must map to different digits.
* Each `words[i]` and `result` are decoded as one number **without** leading zeros.
* Sum of numbers on left side (`words`) will equal to the number on right side (`result`). 

Return `True` if the equation is solvable otherwise return `False`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** words = ["SEND","MORE"], result = "MONEY"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Map 'S'-> 9, 'E'->5, 'N'->6, 'D'->7, 'M'->1, 'O'->0, 'R'->8, 'Y'->'2'

Such that: "SEND" + "MORE" = "MONEY" ,  9567 + 1085 = 10652

**Example 2:**

**Input:** words = ["SIX","SEVEN","SEVEN"], result = "TWENTY"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Map 'S'-> 6, 'I'->5, 'X'->0, 'E'->8, 'V'->7, 'N'->2, 'T'->1, 'W'->'3', 'Y'->4

Such that: "SIX" + "SEVEN" + "SEVEN" = "TWENTY" ,  650 + 68782 + 68782 = 138214

**Example 3:**

**Input:** words = ["THIS","IS","TOO"], result = "FUNNY"

**Output:** true

**Example 4:**

**Input:** words = ["LEET","CODE"], result = "POINT"

**Output:** false

**Constraints:**

* `2 <= words.length <= 5`
* `1 <= words[i].length, result.length <= 7`
* `words[i], result` contains only upper case English letters.
* Number of different characters used on the expression is at most 10.

## Solution
For each letter in the equation, all digits need to be searched to check whether there exists a solution to the equation. To reduce search space, one way is to search from the lowest digit to the highest digit.

Use a map to store each letter and the corresponding digit. Use a set to store the letters that are leading and thus cannot be digit 0. Each time a letter is met, if it is already in the map, then the letter's corresponding digit can be obtained, so continue searching. Otherwise, try each digit for the letter and continue searching. For `result`, each letter's corresponding digit can be obtained by calculating the sum from `words`. If a contradiction occurs, the current solution is invalid. Otherwise, move to a higher digit and continue searching.

If a valid solution exists, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
