# 1397. Find All Good Strings
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given the strings `s1` and `s2` of size `n`, and the string `evil`. *Return the number of **good** strings.*

A **good** string has size `n`, it is alphabetically greater than or equal to `s1`, it is alphabetically smaller than or equal to `s2`, and it does not contain the string `evil` as a substring. Since the answer can be a huge number, return this modulo 10^9 + 7.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 2, s1 = "aa", s2 = "da", evil = "b"

**Output:** 51 

**Explanation:** There are 25 good strings starting with 'a': "aa","ac","ad",...,"az". Then there are 25 good strings starting with 'c': "ca","cc","cd",...,"cz" and finally there is one good string starting with 'd': "da". 

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 8, s1 = "leetcode", s2 = "leetgoes", evil = "leet"

**Output:** 0 

**Explanation:** All strings greater than or equal to s1 and smaller than or equal to s2 start with the prefix "leet", therefore, there is not any good string.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 2, s1 = "gx", s2 = "gz", evil = "x"

**Output:** 2

**Constraints:**

* `s1.length == n`
* `s2.length == n`
* `s1 <= s2`
* `1 <= n <= 500`
* `1 <= evil.length <= 50`
* All strings consist of lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 3D array `dp` of size `n * evil.length() * 4`, where `dp[i][j][k]` represents the number of good strings starting from index `i` with state `j` and the bound state is `k`. For the bound state, 0 means the current letter is at neither the lower bound nor the upper bound, 1 means the current letter is at the lower bound but not the upper bound, 2 means the current letter is at the upper bound but not at the lower bound, and 3 means the current letter is at both the lower bound and the upper bound.

If the state equals `evil.length()`, then the number of good strings is 0. If the index equals `n`, then the number of good strings is 1. If a state `(i, j, k)` has already been visited and the value has been calculated, return the value directly. Otherwise, obtain the current index's range of letters and continue searching at the next index, with the corresponding next state and the next bound. Finally, return `dp[0][0][3]`.
