# 540. Single Element in a Sorted Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a sorted array consisting of only integers where every element appears exactly twice, except for one element which appears exactly once. Find this single element that appears only once.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,1,2,3,3,4,4,8,8]

**Output:** 2

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [3,3,7,7,10,11,11]

**Output:** 10

**Note:** Your solution should run in O(log n) time and O(1) space.

## Solution
For a solution using O(log n) time complexity, use binary search. Use two pointers `low` and `high`, which point to the start of the array and the end of the array initially.

For each iteration of searching, first consider whether it is the special case that `high - low == 1` and `low == 0` or `high == nums.length - 1`. If it is the special case, then either return `nums[0]` or `nums[nums.length - 1]`.

For other cases, let `mid` be the average of `low` and `high` and get the number at index `mid`. Compare the number with its two adjacent numbers to check whether the number is the single element. If the number is different to both adjacent numbers, then the number is the single element, so return the number. Otherwise, use the comparing result together with whether `mid` is even or odd to decide in which half is the single element.

Remember that indices start from 0. If `mid` is even and the current number equals the next number, then the single element is in the right half. If `mid` is odd and the current number equals the previous number, then the single element is in the right half. Otherwise, the single element is in the left half.

Repeat the procedures until the single element is found.
