# 1286. Iterator for Combination
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design an Iterator class, which has:

* A constructor that takes a string `characters` of **sorted distinct lowercase** English letters and a number `combinationLength` as arguments.
* A function *next()* that returns the next combination of length `combinationLength` in **lexicographical order**.
* A function *hasNext()* that returns `True` if and only if there exists a next combination.

**Example:**
```
CombinationIterator iterator = new CombinationIterator("abc", 2); // creates the iterator.

iterator.next(); // returns "ab"
iterator.hasNext(); // returns true
iterator.next(); // returns "ac"
iterator.hasNext(); // returns true
iterator.next(); // returns "bc"
iterator.hasNext(); // returns false
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= combinationLength <= characters.length <= 15`
* There will be at most `10^4` function calls per test.
* It's guaranteed that all calls of the function `next` are valid.

## Solution
Use an array to store all the characters contained in the string `characters`, and another array to store which letters are used in the current combination. The constructor initializes the current combination to the status that the first `combinationLength` letters are used. Also a variable `hasNext` is maintained to determine whether there exists a next combination, which is `True` initially.

The method `next()` returns the current combination according to the array that stores which letters are used in the current combination. The combination after the return value should be considered at the same time. If the current combination uses the last `combinationLength` letters, then this is the last combination and set `hasNext` to `False`. Otherwise, find the last letter that is not used in the current combination, and update the statuses of the letters from this letter to the end of the array. The first severals letters are set to be used in the next combination and the letters further are set to be unused in the next combination. Always keep `combinationLength` letters in total to be used in each combination.

The method `hasNext()` simply returns the variable `hasNext` which represents whether there exists a next combination.
