# 488. Zuma Game
## Level
Hard

## Description
Think about Zuma Game. You have a row of balls on the table, colored red(R), yellow(Y), blue(B), green(G), and white(W). You also have several balls in your hand.

Each time, you may choose a ball in your hand, and insert it into the row (including the leftmost place and rightmost place). Then, if there is a group of 3 or more balls in the same color touching, remove these balls. Keep doing this until no more balls can be removed.

Find the minimal balls you have to insert to remove all the balls on the table. If you cannot remove all the balls, output -1.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** board = "WRRBBW", hand = "RB"

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** WRRBBW -> WRR[R]BBW -> WBBW -> WBB[B]W -> WW

**Example 2:**

**Input:** board = "WWRRBBWW", hand = "WRBRW"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** WWRRBBWW -> WWRR[R]BBWW -> WWBBWW -> WWBB[B]WW -> WWWW -> empty

**Example 3:**

**Input:** board = "G", hand = "GGGGG"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** G -> G[G] -> GG[G] -> empty 

**Example 4:**

**Input:** board = "RBYYBBRRB", hand = "YRBGB"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** RBYYBBRRB -> RBYY[Y]BBRRB -> RBBBRRB -> RRRB -> B -> B[B] -> BB[B] -> empty 

**Constraints:**

* You may assume that the initial row of balls on the table won¡¯t have any 3 or more consecutive balls with the same color.
* The number of balls on the table won't exceed 16, and the string represents these balls is called "board" in the input.
* The number of balls in your hand won't exceed 5, and the string represents these balls is called "hand" in the input.
* Both input strings will be non-empty and only contain characters 'R','Y','B','G','W'.

## Solution
Use backtrack with memorization. First loop over `hand` to obtain the number of balls of each color in `hand`. Then call the backtrack method.

In the backtrack method, first remove three or more consecutive balls with the same color from `board`. The remove operation is executed several times over `board` until no more balls can be removed. Then return 0 if `board` is empty. Use `board` concatenated with the string representation of each color's count as the key to loop up the memorization. If the key exists, obtain the number of insertions from the key and return.

For each available color in `hand`, try each insertion position in `board` and obtain the minimum number of insertions, and update the memorization. If the empty string is reached, then it is possible to remove all the balls, and return the minimum number of insertions. Otherwise, return -1.
