# 1027. Longest Arithmetic Sequence
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `A` of integers, return the **length** of the longest arithmetic subsequence in `A`.

Recall that a *subsequence* of `A` is a list `A[i_1], A[i_2], ..., A[i_k]` with `0 <= i_1 < i_2 < ... < i_k <= A.length - 1`, and that a sequence `B` is *arithmetic* if `B[i+1] - B[i]` are all the same value (for `0 <= i < B.length - 1`).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [3,6,9,12]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

The whole array is an arithmetic sequence with steps of length = 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [9,4,7,2,10]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

The longest arithmetic subsequence is [4,7,10].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [20,1,15,3,10,5,8]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

The longest arithmetic subsequence is [20,15,10,5].

**Note:**

1. `2 <= A.length <= 2000`
2. `0 <= A[i] <= 10000`

## Solution
Since the length of `A` is limited, this problem can be solved by directly finding the arithmetic sequences.

Use a map to store each number in `A` and the indices with the number. It is possible that a number occurs more than once in `A`. Use a tree set to store each number's indices so that the indices are sorted in ascending order.

Consider two cases. The first case is that the difference between adjacent elements is 0. In this case, simply find the maximum number of occurrences among all the numbers. The second case is that the difference between adjacent elements is not 0. In this case, starting from the first element of `A`, use it as the first term of the arithmetic subsequence and loop over the elements after the element. For each element, use it as the second term of the arithmetic subsequence and find the maximum length of the current arithmetic subsequence. For each term in the arithmetic subsequence, obtain its indices and use the minimum possible index, and try to find the next term until the next term does not exist in `A`, and update the maximum length of an arithmetic subsequence.

Finally, return the maximum length.
