# 1095. Find in Mountain Array
## Level
Hard

## Description
*(This problem is an **interactive problem**.)*

You may recall that an array `A` is a *mountain array* if and only if:

* `A.length >= 3`
* There exists some `i` with `0 < i < A.length - 1` such that:
   * `A[0] < A[1] < ... A[i-1] < A[i]`
   * `A[i] > A[i+1] > ... > A[A.length - 1]`

Given a mountain array `mountainArr`, return the **minimum** `index` such that `mountainArr.get(index) == target`. If such an `index` doesn't exist, return `-1`.

**You can't access the mountain array directly.** You may only access the array using a `MountainArray` interface:

* `MountainArray.get(k)` returns the element of the array at index `k` (0-indexed).
* `MountainArray.length()` returns the length of the array.

Submissions making more than `100` calls to `MountainArray.get` will be judged *Wrong Answer*. Also, any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** array = [1,2,3,4,5,3,1], target = 3

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** 3 exists in the array, at index=2 and index=5. Return the minimum index, which is 2.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** array = [0,1,2,4,2,1], target = 3

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** 3 does not exist in the array, so we return -1.

**Constraints:**

1. `3 <= mountain_arr.length() <= 10000`
2. `0 <= target <= 10^9`
3. `0 <= mountain_arr.get(index) <= 10^9`

## Solution
Use binary search and recursion. The parameters of the recursion method include the target, the mountain array, the low index, the high index, the element at the low index, and the element at the high index. The base cases are as follows.
1. If the element at the low index equals the target, return the low index.
2. If the low index is greater than the high index, or the target is less than both elements at the low index and the right index, return -1.
3. If there is only one element left, which means the low index equals the high index, then return the low index if the element at the low index equals the target, or return -1 otherwise.
4. If there are only two elements left, which means the difference between the high index and the low index is 1, then check whether the target equals the two elements, and return the corresponding index or -1.

For general case, under some cases, there is no need to further search.
1. Both elements are less than the target and both elements are at the left side. This can be checked by comparing the elements and the element just to the left of the high index.
2. Both elements are less than the target and both elements are at the right side. This can be checked by comparing the elements and the element just to the right of the low index.

If one of the two cases above is met, simply return -1.

Otherwise, obtain the middle index and the element at the middle index, and find the index of the target recursively.
