# 1233. Remove Sub-Folders from the Filesystem
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a list of folders, remove all sub-folders in those folders and return in **any order** the folders after removing.

If a `folder[i]` is located within another `folder[j]`, it is called a sub-folder of it.

The format of a path is one or more concatenated strings of the form: `/` followed by one or more lowercase English letters. For example, `/leetcode` and `/leetcode/problems` are valid paths while an empty string and `/` are not.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a","/a/b","/c/d","/c/d/e","/c/f"]

**Output:** ["/a","/c/d","/c/f"]

**Explanation:** Folders "/a/b/" is a subfolder of "/a" and "/c/d/e" is inside of folder "/c/d" in our filesystem.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a","/a/b/c","/a/b/d"]

**Output:** ["/a"]

**Explanation:** Folders "/a/b/c" and "/a/b/d/" will be removed because they are subfolders of "/a".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** folder = ["/a/b/c","/a/b/ca","/a/b/d"]

**Output:** ["/a/b/c","/a/b/ca","/a/b/d"]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= folder.length <= 4 * 10^4`
* `2 <= folder[i].length <= 100`
* `folder[i]` contains only lowercase letters and '/'
* `folder[i]` always starts with character '/'
* Each folder name is unique.

## Solution
Create a class `Folder` that contains the current folder's name and a list of its children, which also have type `Folder`.

Sort the array `folder`. Use a list to store the root folders that are objects of type `Folder`. For each `folderName` in `folder`, if the list is empty, create a new folder using `folderName` and add it to the list. Otherwise, loop over existing roots and try to add a subfolder. If a subfolder is added successfully, then it is a subfolder. Otherwise, create a new folder as a root folder and add it to the list.

Finally, loop over the list and add the roots' names to the result list and return.
