# 600. Non-negative Integers without Consecutive Ones
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a positive integer n, find the number of **non-negative** integers less than or equal to n, whose binary representations do NOT contain **consecutive ones**.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: 5
Output: 5
Explanation: 
Here are the non-negative integers <= 5 with their corresponding binary representations:
0 : 0
1 : 1
2 : 10
3 : 11
4 : 100
5 : 101
Among them, only integer 3 disobeys the rule (two consecutive ones) and the other 5 satisfy the rule. 
```

**Note:** 1 <= n <= 10<sup>9</sup>

## Solution
First consider some simple cases. If `num <= 2`, then all integers from 0 to `num` have binary representations that do not contain consecutive ones, so return `num`.

If `num` has `b` bits, then the number of non-negative integers without consecutive ones with 0 to `b - 1` bits can be obtained using dynamic programming. Initially, `zeros = 0` and `ones = 1`, since the highest bit must be 1. The current bit can be 0 no matter whether the previous bit is 0 or 1, and the current bit can be 1 only when the previous bit is 0. Use the rules to update `zeros` and `ones` and add `zeros` and `ones` to the counter. Finally, increase the counter by 2 since 0 and 1 are also non-negative integers without consecutive ones.

The case of non-negative integers with `b` bits that do not exceed `num` is more complicated. For each bit from the highest bit to the lowest bit, calculate the counts for both zeros and ones under both unrestricted and restricted cases. Here "restricted" means that the current bit can only be 0 or otherwise the number will exceed `num`, or the current bit is induced from restricted cases of the previous bit. Initially, the count of ones under restricted case is 1, and all other counts are 0. Do dynamic programming in a similar way, but restricted cases and unrestricted cases are separated. Finally, add all the counts to the counter, and return the counter.
