# 1055. Shortest Way to Form String
## Level
Medium

## Description
From any string, we can form a *subsequence* of that string by deleting some number of characters (possibly no deletions).

Given two strings `source` and `target`, return the minimum number of subsequences of `source` such that their concatenation equals `target`. If the task is impossible, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** source = "abc", target = "abcbc"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** The target "abcbc" can be formed by "abc" and "bc", which are subsequences of source "abc".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** source = "abc", target = "acdbc"

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** The target string cannot be constructed from the subsequences of source string due to the character "d" in target string.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** source = "xyz", target = "xzyxz"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The target string can be constructed as follows "xz" + "y" + "xz".

**Constraints:**

* Both the `source` and `target` strings consist of only lowercase English letters from "a"-"z".
* The lengths of `source` and `target` string are between `1` and `1000`.

## Solution
Use two pointers in `source` and `target` respectively. Both pointers are initialized to 0.

Each time starting from the pointer of `target`, find the longest subsequence of `source` in `target`. A subsequence in `target` ends when either the pointer in `source` reaches the end or the pointer in `target` reaches the end. If a longest subsequence has length 0, then the character in `target` does not exist in `source`, so return -1. Otherwise, increase the number of subsequences by 1, and find the next subsequence in `target` starting from the updated pointer in `target`. Finally, return the number of subsequences.
