# 319. Bulb Switcher
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are *n* bulbs that are initially off. You first turn on all the bulbs. Then, you turn off every second bulb. On the third round, you toggle every third bulb (turning on if it's off or turning off if it's on). For the *i*-th round, you toggle every *i* bulb. For the *n*-th round, you only toggle the last bulb. Find how many bulbs are on after *n* rounds.

**Example:**

**Input:** 3

**Output:** 1
 
**Explanation:**

At first, the three bulbs are **[off, off, off]**.

After first round, the three bulbs are **[on, on, on]**.

After second round, the three bulbs are **[on, off, on]**.

After third round, the three bulbs are **[on, off, off]**. 

So you should return 1, because there is only one bulb is on.

## Solution
Consider in which rounds the *k*-th bulb is toggled. For any positive integer *i*, if *i* is a divisor of *k*, then the *k*-th bulb is toggled on the *i*-th round. If a number *k* has an even number of different divisors, then the bulb at index *k* will be toggled even number of times, and the bulb at index *k* will be off. If a number *k* has an odd number of different divisors, then the bulb at index *k* will be toggled odd number of times, and the bulb at index *k* will be on. Therefore, simply consider how many numbers fron 1 to *n* have odd numbers of divisors.

A positive integer has an odd number of divisors if and only if the positive integer is a perfect square number. Therefore, simply count the number of perfect square numbers from 1 to *n*, which is the result.
