# 1275. Find Winner on a Tic Tac Toe Game
## Level
Easy

## Description
Tic-tac-toe is played by two players *A* and *B* on a *3* x *3* grid.

Here are the rules of Tic-Tac-Toe:
* Players take turns placing characters into empty squares (" ").
* The first player *A* always places "X" characters, while the second player *B* always places "O" characters.
* "X" and "O" characters are always placed into empty squares, never on filled ones.
* The game ends when there are 3 of the same (non-empty) character filling any row, column, or diagonal.
* The game also ends if all squares are non-empty.
* No more moves can be played if the game is over.

Given an array `moves` where each element is another array of size 2 corresponding to the row and column of the grid where they mark their respective character in the order in which *A* and *B* play.

Return the winner of the game if it exists (*A* or *B*), in case the game ends in a draw return "Draw", if there are still movements to play return "Pending".

You can assume that `moves` is **valid** (It follows the rules of Tic-Tac-Toe), the grid is initially empty and *A* will play **first**.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: moves = [[0,0],[2,0],[1,1],[2,1],[2,2]]
Output: "A"
Explanation: "A" wins, he always plays first.
"X  "    "X  "    "X  "    "X  "    "X  "
"   " -> "   " -> " X " -> " X " -> " X "
"   "    "O  "    "O  "    "OO "    "OOX"
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: moves = [[0,0],[1,1],[0,1],[0,2],[1,0],[2,0]]
Output: "B"
Explanation: "B" wins.
"X  "    "X  "    "XX "    "XXO"    "XXO"    "XXO"
"   " -> " O " -> " O " -> " O " -> "XO " -> "XO " 
"   "    "   "    "   "    "   "    "   "    "O  "
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input: moves = [[0,0],[1,1],[2,0],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1],[0,1],[0,2],[2,2]]
Output: "Draw"
Explanation: The game ends in a draw since there are no moves to make.
"XXO"
"OOX"
"XOX"
```
**Example 4:**
```
Input: moves = [[0,0],[1,1]]
Output: "Pending"
Explanation: The game has not finished yet.
"X  "
" O "
"   "
```

**Constraints:**
* `1 <= moves.length <= 9`
* `moves[i].length == 2`
* `0 <= moves[i][j] <= 2`
* There are no repeated elements on moves.
* `moves` follow the rules of tic tac toe.

## Solution
For two players, store the number of characters on each row, each column and each diagonal.

For each move, determine which player is playing according to the move's index. Use the row and the column to determine the row, the column or if valid, the diagonal that the character is placed on, and update the number of characters.

If in a row, a column or a diagonal there are 3 same characters, then the corresponding player wins.

If all the moves are finished and no player wins, then count whether the number of moves equals 9. If there are 9 moves, return `Draw`. Otherwise, return `Pending`.