# 712. Minimum ASCII Delete Sum for Two Strings
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two strings `s1, s2`, find the lowest ASCII sum of deleted characters to make two strings equal.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s1 = "sea", s2 = "eat"

**Output:** 231

**Explanation:** Deleting "s" from "sea" adds the ASCII value of "s" (115) to the sum.

Deleting "t" from "eat" adds 116 to the sum.

At the end, both strings are equal, and 115 + 116 = 231 is the minimum sum possible to achieve this.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s1 = "delete", s2 = "leet"

**Output:** 403

**Explanation:** Deleting "dee" from "delete" to turn the string into "let",
adds 100[d]+101[e]+101[e] to the sum. Deleting "e" from "leet" adds 101[e] to the sum.

At the end, both strings are equal to "let", and the answer is 100+101+101+101 = 403.

If instead we turned both strings into "lee" or "eet", we would get answers of 433 or 417, which are higher.

**Note:**

* `0 < s1.length, s2.length <= 1000`.
* All elements of each string will have an ASCII value in `[97, 122]`.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. This solution uses the bottom-up approach.

Create a 2D array `dp` with `s1.length() + 1` rows and `s2.length() + 1` columns. For row `i` and column `j`, `dp[i][j]` represents the lowest ASCII sum of deleted characters to make the two substrings equal, where the two substrings are the substring of `s1` starting from index `i` and the substring of `s2` starting from index `j`.

If one of the strings is empty, then the lowest ASCII sum of deleted characters equals the ASCII sum of characters in the other string, so the bottom row and the rightmost column of `dp` can be determined.

For other rows and columns, `dp[i][j]` is determined as follows. If the character at index `i` of `s1` and the character at index `j` of `s2` are the same, then adding this character to both strings does not increase the ASCII sum of deleted characters. Otherwise, either character should be deleted, and the ASCII sum of deleted characters for deleting each character equals the ASCII of the current character plus the previous ASCII sum of deleted characters. The lowest ASCII sum of deleted characters is the minimum possible value of deleting either character.

Finally, return `dp[0][0]`, which represents the lowest ASCII sum of deleted characters to make two strings equal.
