# 1094. Car Pooling
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are driving a vehicle that has `capacity` empty seats initially available for passengers. The vehicle **only** drives east (ie. it **cannot** turn around and drive west.)

Given a list of `trips`, `trip[i] = [num_passengers, start_location, end_location]` contains information about the `i`-th trip: the number of passengers that must be picked up, and the locations to pick them up and drop them off.  The locations are given as the number of kilometers due east from your vehicle's initial location.

Return `true` if and only if it is possible to pick up and drop off all passengers for all the given trips. 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** trips = [[2,1,5],[3,3,7]], capacity = 4

**Output:** false

**Example 2:**

**Input:** trips = [[2,1,5],[3,3,7]], capacity = 5

**Output:** true

**Example 3:**

**Input:** trips = [[2,1,5],[3,5,7]], capacity = 3

**Output:** true

**Example 4:**

**Input:** trips = [[3,2,7],[3,7,9],[8,3,9]], capacity = 11

**Output:** true

**Constraints:**

1. `trips.length <= 1000`
2. `trips[i].length == 3`
3. `1 <= trips[i][0] <= 100`
4. `0 <= trips[i][1] < trips[i][2] <= 1000`
5. `1 <= capacity <= 100000`

## Solution
Use priority queue to store the changes of passengers at each location. Loop over `trips`. Suppose `trip = [num_passengers, start_location, end_location]` from `trips` is met, then create two arrays `[start_location, num_passengers]` and `[end_location, -num_passengers]`, and offer the two arrays to the priority queue. The two arrays mean that at `start_location`, `num_passengers` passengers are picked up (use a positive number to represent picking up passengers), and at `end_location`, `num_passengers` passengers are dropped off (use a negative number to represent dropping off passengers). The priority queue is sorted so that the element with the minimum location is polled first. If there are several elements with the minimum location, then the element with a negative number of passengers is polled first, which means at each location, dropping off passengers happens before picking up passengers.

After all elements in `trips` are visited, each time poll an element from the priority queue and update the number of passengers using the polled element. If at one step, the number of passengers exceeds `capacity`, then it is not possible to pick up all passengers, so return `false`. If the number of passengers never exceeds `capacity`, return `true`.
