# 955. Delete Columns to Make Sorted II
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given an array `A` of `N` lowercase letter strings, all of the same length.

Now, we may choose any set of deletion indices, and for each string, we delete all the characters in those indices.

For example, if we have an array `A = ["abcdef","uvwxyz"]` and deletion indices `{0, 2, 3}`, then the final array after deletions is `["bef","vyz"]`.

Suppose we chose a set of deletion indices `D` such that after deletions, the final array has its elements in **lexicographic** order (`A[0] <= A[1] <= A[2] ... <= A[A.length - 1]`).

Return the minimum possible value of `D.length`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["ca","bb","ac"]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

After deleting the first column, A = ["a", "b", "c"].
Now A is in lexicographic order (ie. A[0] <= A[1] <= A[2]).
We require at least 1 deletion since initially A was not in lexicographic order, so the answer is 1.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** ["xc","yb","za"]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:**

A is already in lexicographic order, so we don't need to delete anything.
Note that the rows of A are not necessarily in lexicographic order:
ie. it is NOT necessarily true that (A[0][0] <= A[0][1] <= ...)

**Example 3:**

**Input:** ["zyx","wvu","tsr"]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

We have to delete every column.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length <= 100`
2. `1 <= A[i].length <= 100`

## Solution
If two strings differ at one position, then the letters after the position doesn't affect the strings' order. For each column, check whether there is a reverse order. If two adjacent strings have reverse order at one column and the difference between the two adjacent strings is 0, then the column should be removed. If two adjacent strings already have a nonzero difference, which means the former string is less than the latter string, then the order of the letters after the column that is different doesn't matter. Count the number of columns to be deleted in such a way.
