# 355. Design Twitter
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design a simplified version of Twitter where users can post tweets, follow/unfollow another user and is able to see the 10 most recent tweets in the user's news feed. Your design should support the following methods:

1. **postTweet(userId, tweetId):** Compose a new tweet.
2. **getNewsFeed(userId):** Retrieve the 10 most recent tweet ids in the user's news feed. Each item in the news feed must be posted by users who the user followed or by the user herself. Tweets must be ordered from most recent to least recent.
3. **follow(followerId, followeeId):** Follower follows a followee.
4. **unfollow(followerId, followeeId):** Follower unfollows a followee.

**Example:**
```
Twitter twitter = new Twitter();

// User 1 posts a new tweet (id = 5).
twitter.postTweet(1, 5);

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 1 tweet id -> [5].
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);

// User 1 follows user 2.
twitter.follow(1, 2);

// User 2 posts a new tweet (id = 6).
twitter.postTweet(2, 6);

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 2 tweet ids -> [6, 5].
// Tweet id 6 should precede tweet id 5 because it is posted after tweet id 5.
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);

// User 1 unfollows user 2.
twitter.unfollow(1, 2);

// User 1's news feed should return a list with 1 tweet id -> [5],
// since user 1 is no longer following user 2.
twitter.getNewsFeed(1);
```

## Solution
Use two maps to store each user's tweets and store each follower's followees.

For the method `postTweet(userId, tweetId)`, each tweet consists of two attributes, `tweetId` and `tweetIndex`, where `tweetIndex` starts from 1 and is used to distinguish the order each tweet is posted. For the user with `userId`, the tweet with `tweetId` and `tweetIndex` is added to the list of tweets of the user.

For the method `getNewsFeed(userId)`, get all the tweets from the user and the followees of the user and select the most recent 10 tweets according to `tweetIndex`, and return the tweet ids of the selected 10 tweets ordered from most recent to least recent.

For the methods `follow(followerId, followeeId)` and `unfollow(followerId, followeeId)`, first check that `followerId != followeeId`, and add `followeeId` into the list of followee ids of `followerId` or remove `followeeId` from the list of followee ids of `followerId`.
