# 1966. Binary Searchable Numbers in an Unsorted Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
Consider a function that implements an algorithm **similar** to [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/explore/learn/card/binary-search/). The function has two input parameters: `sequence` is a sequence of integers, and `target` is an integer value. The purpose of the function is to find if the `target` exists in the `sequence`.

The pseudocode of the function is as follows:
```
func(sequence, target)
  while sequence is not empty
    randomly choose an element from sequence as the pivot
    if pivot = target, return true
    else if pivot < target, remove pivot and all elements to its left from the sequence
    else, remove pivot and all elements to its right from the sequence
  end while
  return false
```
When the `sequence` is sorted, the function works correctly for **all** values. When the `sequence` is not sorted, the function does not work for all values, but may still work for **some** values.

Given an integer array `nums`, representing the `sequence`, that contains **unique** numbers and **may or may not be sorted**, return *the number of values that are **guaranteed** to be found using the function, for **every possible** pivot selection*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [7]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

Searching for value 7 is guaranteed to be found.

Since the sequence has only one element, 7 will be chosen as the pivot. Because the pivot equals the target, the function will return true.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [-1,5,2]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

Searching for value -1 is guaranteed to be found.

If -1 was chosen as the pivot, the function would return true.

If 5 was chosen as the pivot, 5 and 2 would be removed. In the next loop, the sequence would have only -1 and the function would return true.

If 2 was chosen as the pivot, 2 would be removed. In the next loop, the sequence would have -1 and 5. No matter which number was chosen as the next pivot, the function would find -1 and return true.

Searching for value 5 is NOT guaranteed to be found.

If 2 was chosen as the pivot, -1, 5 and 2 would be removed. The sequence would be empty and the function would return false.

Searching for value 2 is NOT guaranteed to be found.

If 5 was chosen as the pivot, 5 and 2 would be removed. In the next loop, the sequence would have only -1 and the function would return false.

Because only -1 is guaranteed to be found, you should return 1.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `-10^5 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`
* All the values of `nums` are **unique**.

**Follow-up:** If `nums` has **duplicates**, would you modify your algorithm? If so, how?

## Solution
A value is guaranteed to be found if and only if all elements to the left of the value are less than the value and all elements to the right of the value are greater than the value. Therefore, for each index, calculate the maximum value to the left of the index and the minimum value to the right of the index, with the current index excluded. Then loop over `nums` and for each index, compare the element with the maximum value to the left and the minimum value to the right. If the element is greater than the maximum value to the left and less than the minimum value to the right, then the element is a value that is guaranteed to be found.
