# 255. Verify Preorder Sequence in Binary Search Tree
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array of numbers, verify whether it is the correct preorder traversal sequence of a binary search tree.

You may assume each number in the sequence is unique.

Consider the following binary search tree: 
```
     5
    / \
   2   6
  / \
 1   3
```
**Example 1:**

**Input:** [5,2,6,1,3]

**Output:** false

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [5,2,1,3,6]

**Output:** true

**Follow up:**

Could you do it using only constant space complexity?

## Solution
A solution using stack exists. Initialize `min` to `Integer.MIN_VALUE`. Loop over `preorder`. If the current element is less than `min`, return `false`. If the stack is empty or the current element is less than the element at the top of the stack, then push the current element into the stack. If the current element is greater than the element at the top of the stack, then the current element is in the right subtree, so pop the stack while the top element of the stack is less than the current element, and update `min` to be the last element that is popped, which means all the remaining elements in `preorder` must be greater than `min`, or otherwise the preorder traversal sequence is not correct.

To obtain an algorithm using constant space complexity, use the array `preorder` itself as the stack. Use `index` to represent the index of the element at the top of the stack. Each time an element is popped from the stack, decrease `index` by 1 after popping. Each time an element is pushed into the stack, increase `index` by 1 before pushing. Although `preorder` is modified after pushing an element, the modified index is already visited, so the result won't be affected.
