# 188. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock IV
## Level
Hard

## Description
Say you have an array for which the *i*-th element is the price of a given stock on day *i*.

Design an algorithm to find the maximum profit. You may complete at most **k** transactions.

**Note:**

You may not engage in multiple transactions at the same time (ie, you must sell the stock before you buy again).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [2,4,1], k = 2

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Buy on day 1 (price = 2) and sell on day 2 (price = 4), profit = 4-2 = 2.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [3,2,6,5,0,3], k = 2

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** Buy on day 2 (price = 2) and sell on day 3 (price = 6), profit = 6-2 = 4. Then buy on day 5 (price = 0) and sell on day 6 (price = 3), profit = 3-0 = 3.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 3D array `dp` of size `(prices.length + 1) * (k + 1) * 2`, where `dp[i][j][m]` represents the maximum profit on the `i`-th day when at most `j` transactions have been made and the current status is `m` (0 for not having the stock and 1 for having the stock). The objective is to obtain the value `dp[prices.length][k][0]`.

The base cases are `dp[i][0][0] = 0` and `dp[i][0][1] = Integer.MIN_VALUE` for all `0 <= i <= prices.length`, and `dp[0][j][0] = 0` and `dp[0][j][1] = Integer.MIN_VALUE` for all `0 < j <= k`. This means that before the first transaction or the first day, the profit is 0 if no stock in hand, and it is impossible to have stock in hand.  For `1 <= i <= prices.length` and for `0 < j <= k`, `dp[i][j][0]` is obtained by the maximum of `dp[i - 1][j][0]` and `dp[i - 1][j][1] + prices[i - 1]`, which means either the profit is the same as the profit on the previous day, or the profit is the profit on the previous day plus the current day's stock price if the stock is sold on the current day, and `dp[i][j][1]` is obtained by the maximum of `dp[i - 1][j][1]` and `dp[i - 1][j - 1][0] - prices[i - 1]`, which means ehtier the profit is the same as the profit on the previous day, or the profit is the profit on the previous day minus the current day's stock price if the stock is bought on the current day.
