# 1289. Minimum Falling Path Sum II
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a square grid of integers `arr`, (a falling path with non-zero shifts( is a choice of exactly one element from each row of `arr`, such that no two elements chosen in adjacent rows are in the same column.

Return the minimum sum of a falling path with non-zero shifts.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [[1,2,3],[4,5,6],[7,8,9]]

**Output:** 13

**Explanation:**

The possible falling paths are:
* `[1,5,9], [1,5,7], [1,6,7], [1,6,8]`
* `[2,4,8], [2,4,9], [2,6,7], [2,6,8]`
* `[3,4,8], [3,4,9], [3,5,7], [3,5,9]`

The falling path with the smallest sum is `[1,5,7]`, so the answer is 13.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr.length == arr[i].length <= 200`
* `-99 <= arr[i][j] <= 99`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Let `side` be the side length of array `arr` (since `arr` is a square array, the number of rows and the number of columns are the same, so use `side` to represent the number of rows or columns). Create a square array `dp` with side length `side`. Each element in `dp` represents the minimum sum of a falling path with non-zero shifts that ends at this cell.

The numbers in row 0 of `dp` are just the same as the numbers in row 0 of `arr`. For rows 1 to the bottom, find the two minimum values in the previous row. For each column, if the value in the previous row and the same column is the minimum value in the previous row, then the current value of `dp` equals the second minimum value in the previous row plus the current value in `arr`. Otherwise, the current value of `dp` equals the minimum value in the previous row plus the current value in `arr`.

Finally, find the minimum in the last row of `dp`, which is the minimum sum of a falling path with non-zero shifts through `arr`.
