# 1152. Analyze User Website Visit Pattern
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given some website visits: the user with name `username[i]` visited the website `website[i]` at time `timestamp[i]`.

A *3-sequence* is a list of websites of length 3 sorted in ascending order by the time of their visits.  (The websites in a 3-sequence are not necessarily distinct.)

Find the 3-sequence visited by the largest number of users. If there is more than one solution, return the lexicographically smallest such 3-sequence.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: username = ["joe","joe","joe","james","james","james","james","mary","mary","mary"], timestamp = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10], website = ["home","about","career","home","cart","maps","home","home","about","career"]
Output: ["home","about","career"]
Explanation: 
The tuples in this example are:
["joe", 1, "home"]
["joe", 2, "about"]
["joe", 3, "career"]
["james", 4, "home"]
["james", 5, "cart"]
["james", 6, "maps"]
["james", 7, "home"]
["mary", 8, "home"]
["mary", 9, "about"]
["mary", 10, "career"]
The 3-sequence ("home", "about", "career") was visited at least once by 2 users.
The 3-sequence ("home", "cart", "maps") was visited at least once by 1 user.
The 3-sequence ("home", "cart", "home") was visited at least once by 1 user.
The 3-sequence ("home", "maps", "home") was visited at least once by 1 user.
The 3-sequence ("cart", "maps", "home") was visited at least once by 1 user.
```

**Note:**

1. `3 <= N = username.length = timestamp.length = website.length <= 50`
2. `1 <= username[i].length <= 10`
3. `0 <= timestamp[i] <= 10^9`
4. `1 <= website[i].length <= 10`
5. Both `username[i]` and `website[i]` contain only lowercase characters.
6. It is guaranteed that there is at least one user who visited at least 3 websites.
7. No user visits two websites at the same time.

## Solution
Create a class `Struct`. Each object of type `Struct` contains a username, a timestamp and a website. The objects of type `Struct` are comparable using timestamp. Create an array of type `Struct` to store all the elements created from the three input arrays. Then sort the array of type `Struct` in ascending order.

Loop over the array of type `Struct` and obtain all the websites visited by each user in ascending order. For each user, obtain the websites and generate all possible 3-sequences, and update the counts of each 3-sequence. Note that since the target is to find the 3-sequence visited by the largest number of users, for each user, a 3-sequence can be counted at most once. After all users' 3-sequences are visited, obtain the 3-sequence with the maximum count and is the lexicographically smallest, and return the 3-sequence.
