# 1023. Camelcase Matching
## Level
Medium

## Description
A query word matches a given `pattern` if we can insert **lowercase** letters to the pattern word so that it equals the `query`. (We may insert each character at any position, and may insert 0 characters.)

Given a list of `queries`, and a `pattern`, return an `answer` list of booleans, where `answer[i]` is true if and only if `queries[i]` matches the `pattern`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** queries = ["FooBar","FooBarTest","FootBall","FrameBuffer","ForceFeedBack"], pattern = "FB"

**Output:** [true,false,true,true,false]

**Explanation:**
 
"FooBar" can be generated like this "F" + "oo" + "B" + "ar".

"FootBall" can be generated like this "F" + "oot" + "B" + "all".

"FrameBuffer" can be generated like this "F" + "rame" + "B" + "uffer".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** queries = ["FooBar","FooBarTest","FootBall","FrameBuffer","ForceFeedBack"], pattern = "FoBa"

**Output:** [true,false,true,false,false]

**Explanation:**

"FooBar" can be generated like this "Fo" + "o" + "Ba" + "r".

"FootBall" can be generated like this "Fo" + "ot" + "Ba" + "ll".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** queries = ["FooBar","FooBarTest","FootBall","FrameBuffer","ForceFeedBack"], pattern = "FoBaT"

**Output:** [false,true,false,false,false]

**Explanation:**

"FooBarTest" can be generated like this "Fo" + "o" + "Ba" + "r" + "T" + "est".

**Note:**

1. `1 <= queries.length <= 100`
2. `1 <= queries[i].length <= 100`
3. `1 <= pattern.length <= 100`
4. All strings consists only of lower and upper case English letters.

## Solution
For each `query` from `queries`, `query` matches the `pattern` if and only if the following two conditions are both satisfied.

1. The string `pattern` is a subsequence of the string `query`.
2. If a character in `query` is not in `pattern`, then the character must be a lowercase letter.

Therefore, for each `query` from `queries`, simply check the two conditions. The way to check is as follows. Initialize two indices to 0, for `pattern` and `query` respectively. Each time obtain one character from `pattern` and one character from `query`. If the two characters are the same, move both indices forward by one step. Otherwise, only move the index of `query` forward by one step, and check whether the character from `query` is an uppercase letter, and return `false` if an uppercase letter is found (since this uppercase letter is not in `pattern).

If the index of `query` reaches the end before the index of `pattern`, return `false`. If the index of `pattern` reaches the end, then for the remaining indices of `query`, check whether there is an uppercase letter, and return `false` if an uppercase letter is found.

If no conflict is found, return `true`.
