# 1146. Snapshot Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
Implement a SnapshotArray that supports the following interface:

* `SnapshotArray(int length)` initializes an array-like data structure with the given length. **Initially, each element equals 0.**
* `void set(index, val)` sets the element at the given `index` to be equal to `val`.
* `int snap()` takes a snapshot of the array and returns the `snap_id`: the total number of times we called `snap()` minus `1`.
* `int get(index, snap_id)` returns the value at the given `index`, at the time we took the snapshot with the given `snap_id`

**Example 1:**
```
Input: ["SnapshotArray","set","snap","set","get"]
[[3],[0,5],[],[0,6],[0,0]]
Output: [null,null,0,null,5]
Explanation: 
SnapshotArray snapshotArr = new SnapshotArray(3); // set the length to be 3
snapshotArr.set(0,5);  // Set array[0] = 5
snapshotArr.snap();  // Take a snapshot, return snap_id = 0
snapshotArr.set(0,6);
snapshotArr.get(0,0);  // Get the value of array[0] with snap_id = 0, return 5
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= length <= 50000`
* At most `50000` calls will be made to `set`, `snap`, and `get`.
* `0 <= index < length`
* `0 <= snap_id <` (the total number of times we call `snap()`)
* `0 <= val <= 10^9`

## Solution
In the class, maintain an array of tree maps that stores each index's snaps and corresponding values, and maintain `totalSnapId` that stores the current snap id.

For the constructor, initialize the array with length `length`, and initialize all the elements in the array. Besides, initialize `totalSnapId` to 0.

For `void set(index, val)`, obtain the current index's tree map and add the key-value pair `(totalSnapId, val)` to the tree map.

For `int snap()`, increase `totalSnapId` by 1 and return `totalSnapId - 1`.

For `int get(index, snap_id)`, obtain the current index's tree map. Then find the floor key of the given `snap_id` in the tree map. If the floor key does not exist, then no setting has been made at `snap_id` or before `snap_id`, so return the initial element 0. If the floor key exists, then use the floor key as the key to obtain the value from the tree map, and return the value.
