# 1000. Minimum Cost to Merge Stones
## Level
Hard

## Description
There are `N` piles of stones arranged in a row. The `i`-th pile has `stones[i]` stones.

A move consists of merging **exactly `K` consecutive** piles into one pile, and the cost of this move is equal to the total number of stones in these `K` piles.

Find the minimum cost to merge all piles of stones into one pile. If it is impossible, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** stones = [3,2,4,1], K = 2

**Output:** 20

**Explanation:**

We start with [3, 2, 4, 1].

We merge [3, 2] for a cost of 5, and we are left with [5, 4, 1].

We merge [4, 1] for a cost of 5, and we are left with [5, 5].

We merge [5, 5] for a cost of 10, and we are left with [10].

The total cost was 20, and this is the minimum possible.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** stones = [3,2,4,1], K = 3

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** After any merge operation, there are 2 piles left, and we can't merge anymore. So the task is impossible.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** stones = [3,5,1,2,6], K = 3

**Output:** 25

**Explanation:**

We start with [3, 5, 1, 2, 6].

We merge [5, 1, 2] for a cost of 8, and we are left with [3, 8, 6].

We merge [3, 8, 6] for a cost of 17, and we are left with [17].

The total cost was 25, and this is the minimum possible.

**Note:**

* `1 <= stones.length <= 30`
* `2 <= K <= 30`
* `1 <= stones[i] <= 100`

## Solution
First check some simple cases. If `stones.length` is 1, then no merging is needed, so return 0. If `(length - 1) % (K - 1) != 0`, then it is impossible to merge all piles of stones into one pile, so return -1.

Use dynamic programming. Create a 3D array `dp` of size `stones.length * stones.length * K`, where `dp[i][j][k]` represents the minimum cost to merge stones from index `i` to index `j` into `k + 1` piles. Initialize all elements in `dp` to infinity.

Then for each pile length `curLength` from 2 to `stones.length`, loop over indices `i` from 0 to `stone.length - curLength`. For index `i`, the end of the current pile is `i + curLength - 1`. Then for `j` from 1 to `K - 1` and for `k` from `i` to `i + length - 2` (`k` is increased by `K - 1` each time), update `dp[i][i + curLength - 1][j]` to the minimum of `dp[i][k][0] + dp[k + 1][i + curLength - 1][j - 1]`, and update `dp[i][i + curLength - 1][0]` as the sum of elements from `stones[i]` to `stones[i + curLength - 1]` plus `dp[i][i + curLength - 1][j]`.

Finally, return `dp[0][stones.length - 1][0]`.
