# 273. Integer to English Words
## Level
Hard

## Description
Convert a non-negative integer to its english words representation. Given input is guaranteed to be less than 2<sup>31</sup> - 1.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 123

**Output:** "One Hundred Twenty Three"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 12345

**Output:** "Twelve Thousand Three Hundred Forty Five"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** 1234567

**Output:** "One Million Two Hundred Thirty Four Thousand Five Hundred Sixty Seven"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** 1234567891

**Output:** "One Billion Two Hundred Thirty Four Million Five Hundred Sixty Seven Thousand Eight Hundred Ninety One"

## Solution
First consider the case when the given integer is 0. In this case, return "Zero".

Since the given integer is non-negative and is less than 2<sup>31</sup> - 1, the given integer has 10 digits at most. Split the given integer into several contiguous groups where each group has 3 digits except the highest group which may have less than 3 digits. There are at most 4 groups for each given integer. The names of the groups from lowest to highest are "" (Empty), "Thousand", "Million" and "Billion". For each group, if the number in the group is not 0, then obtain the English words representation of the number in the group, and add the group name after the number's English words representation.

To obtain each group's English words representation, consider the hundreds, tens and ones. If the last two digits in a group are in the range [10, 19], then the number should be dealt with differently. In other cases, just deal with each digit.

Finally concatenate the English words representation of each group and return.
