# 676. Implement Magic Dictionary
## Level
Medium

## Description
Implement a magic directory with `buildDict`, and `search` methods.

For the method `buildDict`, you'll be given a list of non-repetitive words to build a dictionary.

For the method `search`, you'll be given a word, and judge whether if you modify **exactly** one character into **another** character in this word, the modified word is in the dictionary you just built.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: buildDict(["hello", "leetcode"]), Output: Null
Input: search("hello"), Output: False
Input: search("hhllo"), Output: True
Input: search("hell"), Output: False
Input: search("leetcoded"), Output: False
```
**Note:**
1. You may assume that all the inputs are consist of lowercase letters `a-z`.
2. For contest purpose, the test data is rather small by now. You could think about highly efficient algorithm after the contest.
3. Please remember to **RESET** your class variables declared in class MagicDictionary, as static/class variables are **persisted across multiple test cases**. Please see [here](https://leetcode.com/faq/#different-output) for more details.

## Solution
Maintain a global variable `dictArray`. For the method `buildDict`, add the strings in `dict` to `dictArray`, and sort `dictArray` according to the lengths of the strings and then the lexical order.

For the method `search`, use binary search to find a string in `dictArray` that has the same length as `word`, and visit the strings at the two sides of the string found to see whether there is a string in `dictArray` such that the string and `word` differ by exactly one character.
