# 222. Count Complete Tree Nodes
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a **complete** binary tree, count the number of nodes.

**Note:**

**Definition of a complete binary tree from [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_tree#Types_of_binary_trees):**

In a complete binary tree every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, and all nodes in the last level are as far left as possible. It can have between 1 and 2<sup>h</sup> nodes inclusive at the last level h.

**Example:**
```
Input: 
    1
   / \
  2   3
 / \  /
4  5 6

Output: 6
```

## Solution
One solution is to use breadth first search to visit all the nodes and count the nodes. However, the solution is not optimal, and does not use the property of a complete binary tree.

Consider the level of the left subtree and the right subtree. If the two subtrees' levels are the same, then the left subtree must be a full binary tree, and the number of nodes in the left subtree is 2<sup>leftLevel</sup> - 1. Calculate the nodes in the right subtree using recursion, and the number of nodes equals the sum of the number of nodes in the left subtree, the number of nodes in the right subtree, and the one node that is the root.

If the two subtrees' levels are different, then the right subtree must be a full binary tree, and the number of nodes in the right subtree is 2<sup>rightLevel></sup> - 1. Calculate the nodes in the left subtree using recursion, and the number of nodes equals the sum of the number of nodes in the left subtree, the number of nodes in the right subtree, and the one node that is the root.
