# 1114. Print in Order
## Level
Easy

## Description
Suppose we have a class:
```
public class Foo {
  public void first() { print("first"); }
  public void second() { print("second"); }
  public void third() { print("third"); }
}
```
The same instance of `Foo` will be passed to three different threads. Thread A will call `first()`, thread B will call `second()`, and thread C will call `third()`. Design a mechanism and modify the program to ensure that `second()` is executed after `first()`, and `third()` is executed after `second()`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,3]

**Output:** "firstsecondthird"

**Explanation:** There are three threads being fired asynchronously. The input [1,2,3] means thread A calls first(), thread B calls second(), and thread C calls third(). "firstsecondthird" is the correct output.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,3,2]

**Output:** "firstsecondthird"

**Explanation:** The input [1,3,2] means thread A calls first(), thread B calls third(), and thread C calls second(). "firstsecondthird" is the correct output.

**Note:**

We do not know how the threads will be scheduled in the operating system, even though the numbers in the input seems to imply the ordering. The input format you see is mainly to ensure our tests' comprehensiveness.

## Solution
There are several solutions to this problem. This solution uses semaphores. Create three semaphores `semaphore1`, `semaphore2` and `semaphore3`, which are for method `first()`, `second()` and `third()`, respectively. The three semaphores are defined in the class. Initially, `semaphore1` has 1 permit, while `semaphore2` and `semaphore3` have 0 permits.

For each method `first()`, `second()` and `third()`, there are three steps. The first step is to acquire a permit from the current semaphore. The second step is to call the `run()` method for the `Runnable` object. The third step is to release a permit back to the next semaphore.
