# 824. Goat Latin
## Level
Easy

## Description
A sentence `S` is given, composed of words separated by spaces. Each word consists of lowercase and uppercase letters only.

We would like to convert the sentence to "*Goat Latin*" (a made-up language similar to Pig Latin.)

The rules of Goat Latin are as follows:

* If a word begins with a vowel (a, e, i, o, or u), append `"ma"` to the end of the word.
For example, the word `"apple"` becomes `"applema"`.
 
* If a word begins with a consonant (i.e. not a vowel), remove the first letter and append it to the end, then add `"ma"`.
For example, the word `"goat"` becomes `"oatgma"`.
 
* Add one letter `'a'` to the end of each word per its word index in the sentence, starting with 1.
For example, the first word gets `"a"` added to the end, the second word gets `"aa"` added to the end and so on.

Return the final sentence representing the conversion from `S` to Goat Latin. 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "I speak Goat Latin"

**Output:** "Imaa peaksmaaa oatGmaaaa atinLmaaaaa"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog"

**Output:** "heTmaa uickqmaaa rownbmaaaa oxfmaaaaa umpedjmaaaaaa overmaaaaaaa hetmaaaaaaaa azylmaaaaaaaaa ogdmaaaaaaaaaa"

**Notes:**

* `S` contains only uppercase, lowercase and spaces. Exactly one space between each word.
* `1 <= S.length <= 150`.

## Solution
Split `S` into an array of strings, where each element is a word from the original sentence.

For each word in the array, do the following operation.

1. Check the first letter of the word. If the first letter is a consonant, remove it and append it to the end. Append `"ma"` to the end of the word.

2. Append one or more `'a'`s to the end of the word according to the word's index.

Finally, concatenate the Goat Latin of the words to form a new sentence, and return the new sentence.
