# 1371. Find the Longest Substring Containing Vowels in Even Counts
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given the string `s`, return the size of the longest substring containing each vowel an even number of times. That is, 'a', 'e', 'i', 'o', and 'u' must appear an even number of times.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "eleetminicoworoep"

**Output:** 13

**Explanation:** The longest substring is "leetminicowor" which contains two each of the vowels: **e**, **i** and **o** and zero of the vowels: **a** and **u**.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "leetcodeisgreat"

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** The longest substring is "leetc" which contains two e's.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "bcbcbc"

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** In this case, the given string "bcbcbc" is the longest because all vowels: **a**, **e**, **i**, **o** and **u** appear zero times.

## Solution
Whether the number of occurrences of each letter is even or odd can be represented as an integer, which is a state. For example, the initial state (with no letters contained) is 00000 in binary representation, and if only the letter 'e' occurs an odd number of times, the state is "01000". Since there are five vowel letters, there are 32 different states.

Create an array `map` of length 32, where `map[i]` represents the first occurrence's index of state `i`. Initialize `map` with all elements filled with -1, and `map[0] = 0`. Initialize `state = 0`. For each index `i` in `s`, obtain the character at index `i` in `s` and update the state `state`. If `map[state]` is greater than or equal to 0, then update the maximum length with `i + 1 - map[state]`. Otherwise, set `map[state] = i + 1`. Finally, return the maximum length.
