# 899. Orderly Queue
## Level
Hard

## Description
A string `S` of lowercase letters is given. Then, we may make any number of *moves*.

In each move, we choose one of the first `K` letters (starting from the left), remove it, and place it at the end of the string.

Return the lexicographically smallest string we could have after any number of moves.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** S = "cba", K = 1

**Output:** "acb"

**Explanation:**

In the first move, we move the 1st character ("c") to the end, obtaining the string "bac".

In the second move, we move the 1st character ("b") to the end, obtaining the final result "acb".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** S = "baaca", K = 3

**Output:** "aaabc"

**Explanation:**

In the first move, we move the 1st character ("b") to the end, obtaining the string "aacab".

In the second move, we move the 3rd character ("c") to the end, obtaining the final result "aaabc".

**Note:**

1. `1 <= K <= S.length <= 1000`
2. `S` consists of lowercase letters only.

## Solution
If `K` is 1, then each time only the leftmost letter can be removed and placed at the end of the string. Suppose the length of `S` is `length`, then there are `length` possible strings after any number of moves. Find the lexicographically smallest string among the `length` possible strings and return.

If `K` is greater than 1, then it is always possible to have string `S` sorted in ascending order after any number of moves, which is the lexicographically smallest string possible, so simply sort the letters in `S` to generate a new string and return the new string.

The reason why it is always possible to have string `S` sorted in ascending order after any number of moves is as follows. Take `K == 2` as an example. Suppose there are two letters `c1` and `c2` such that `c1 < c2` and `c2` is before `c1` initially. It is always possible to make `c2` and `c1` adjacent after any number of moves. If `c2` still before `c1`, then make `c2` and `c1` be the first two characters in the string after several number of moves, move `c1` to the end of the string and then move `c2` to the end of the string. In this way, `c1` and `c2` are in the correct order. This way can also apply to the other characters. So the string will eventually be sorted in ascending order.
