# 1804. Implement Trie II (Prefix Tree)
## Level
Medium

## Description
A **[trie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trie)** (pronounced as "try") or **prefix tree** is a tree data structure used to efficiently store and retrieve keys in a dataset of strings. There are various applications of this data structure, such as autocomplete and spellchecker.

Implement the Trie class:

* `Trie()` Initializes the trie object.
* `void insert(String word)` Inserts the string word into the trie.
* `int countWordsEqualTo(String word)` Returns the number of instances of the string word in the trie.
* `int countWordsStartingWith(String prefix)` Returns the number of strings in the trie that have the string prefix as a prefix.
* `void erase(String word)` Erases the string word from the trie.

**Example 1:**
```
Input
["Trie", "insert", "insert", "countWordsEqualTo", "countWordsStartingWith", "erase", "countWordsEqualTo", "countWordsStartingWith", "erase", "countWordsStartingWith"]
[[], ["apple"], ["apple"], ["apple"], ["app"], ["apple"], ["apple"], ["app"], ["apple"], ["app"]]
Output
[null, null, null, 2, 2, null, 1, 1, null, 0]

Explanation
Trie trie = new Trie();
trie.insert("apple");               // Inserts "apple".
trie.insert("apple");               // Inserts another "apple".
trie.countWordsEqualTo("apple");    // There are two instances of "apple" so return 2.
trie.countWordsStartingWith("app"); // "app" is a prefix of "apple" so return 2.
trie.erase("apple");                // Erases one "apple".
trie.countWordsEqualTo("apple");    // Now there is only one instance of "apple" so return 1.
trie.countWordsStartingWith("app"); // return 1
trie.erase("apple");                // Erases "apple". Now the trie is empty.
trie.countWordsStartingWith("app"); // return 0
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= word.length, prefix.length <= 2000`
* `word` and `prefix` consist only of lowercase English letters.
* At most `3 * 10^4` calls **in total** will be made to `insert`, `countWordsEqualTo`, `countWordsStartingWith`, and `erase`.
* It is guaranteed that for any function call to `erase`, the string `word` will exist in the trie.

## Solution
Create a class `TrieNode` that contains attributes `count`, `endCount` and `next`. Initially, `count` and `endCount` have values 0 and `next` is an array of type `TrieNode` and length 26.

In class `Trie`, maintain `TrieNode root`.

For the constructor, initialize `root` as an instance of `TrieNode`.

For `insert`, insert the nodes, increase the nodes' `count` values by 1 and increase the last node's `endCount` value by 1.

For `countWordsEqualTo`, search the word and return the last node's `endCount`.

For `countWordsStartingWith`, search the prefix and return the last node's `count`.

For `erase`, search the noodes, decrease the nodes' `count` values by 1 and decrease the last node's `endCount` value by 1.
