# 1247. Minimum Swaps to Make Strings Equal
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two strings `s1` and `s2` of equal length consisting of letters `"x"` and `"y"` **only**. Your task is to make these two strings equal to each other. You can swap any two characters that belong to **different** strings, which means: swap `s1[i]` and `s2[j]`.

Return the minimum number of swaps required to make `s1` and `s2` equal, or return `-1` if it is impossible to do so.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s1 = "xx", s2 = "yy"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

Swap s1[0] and s2[1], s1 = "yx", s2 = "yx".

**Example 2: **

**Input:** s1 = "xy", s2 = "yx"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

Swap s1[0] and s2[0], s1 = "yy", s2 = "xx".
Swap s1[0] and s2[1], s1 = "xy", s2 = "xy".
Note that you can't swap s1[0] and s1[1] to make s1 equal to "yx", cause we can only swap chars in different strings.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s1 = "xx", s2 = "xy"

**Output:** -1

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s1 = "xxyyxyxyxx", s2 = "xyyxyxxxyx"

**Output:** 4

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s1.length, s2.length <= 1000`
* `s1, s2` only contain `'x'` or `'y'`.

## Solution
Loop over `s1` and `s2` and find the indices where the characters in `s1` and `s2` are different. Use two lists `difX` and `difY` to store the indices where the character in `s1` is `'x'` and the character in `s2` is `'y'`, and the indices where the character in `s1` is `'y'` and the character in `s2` is` 'x'`, respectively.

Calculate `sizeX = difX.size()` and `sizeY = difY.size()`. If `sizeX + sizeY` is odd, then it is impossible to swap the characters to make the two strings equal, so return -1. If `sizeX + sizeY` is even, then `sizeX` and `sizeY` are both even or both odd. If both even, then return `(sizeX + sizeY) / 2`. If both odd, then return `(sizeX + sizeY) / 2 + 1`.

The explanation on the return value is as follows.

1. If `sizeX` and `sizeY` are both even, then for the `sizeX` indices where the character in `s1` is `'x'` and the character in `s2` is `'y'`, let `indices1` and `indices2` are two disjoint subsets of `difX` such that `indices1` and `indices2` have equal number of elements and the union of `indices1` and `indices2` equals `difX`. Replace each character in `s1` at indices from `indices1` with each character in `s2` at indices from `indices2`. Do the same for the other `sizeY` indices as well. Thus the total number of swaps is `(sizeX + sizeY) / 2`.

2. If `sizeX` and `sizeY` are both odd, then perform the steps above for `sizeX - 1` indices from `difX` and `sizeY - 1` indices from `difY`, and the total numbers of swaps is `(sizeX + sizeY) / 2 - 1` so far. After that, there are two indices left, where the subsequences are `"xy"` and `"yx"` in `s1` and `s2`, respectively. To make the subsequences equal, two swaps are needed. Thus the total number of swaps is `(sizeX + sizeY) / 2 + 1`.
