# 765. Couples Holding Hands
## Level
Hard

## Description
N couples sit in 2N seats arranged in a row and want to hold hands. We want to know the minimum number of swaps so that every couple is sitting side by side. A *swap* consists of choosing **any** two people, then they stand up and switch seats.

The people and seats are represented by an integer from `0` to `2N-1`, the couples are numbered in order, the first couple being `(0, 1)`, the second couple being `(2, 3)`, and so on with the last couple being `(2N-2, 2N-1)`.

The couples' initial seating is given by `row[i]` being the value of the person who is initially sitting in the i-th seat.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** row = [0, 2, 1, 3]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** We only need to swap the second (row[1]) and third (row[2]) person.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** row = [3, 2, 0, 1]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** All couples are already seated side by side.

**Note:**

1. `len(row)` is even and in the range of `[4, 60]`.
2. `row` is guaranteed to be a permutation of `0...len(row)-1`.

## Solution
Obviously, each pair of couple must be sitting on seat i and seat i+1 where i is an even number starting from 0. Use greedy algorithm. For i from 0 to 2N-2 where i is an even number, the first seat is i and the second seat is i+1. Obtain the spouse of the person at seat i, and find the couple's seat index. If the spouse's seat index is not i+1, then swap the spouse with the person sitting at seat i+1, and add the swap count by 1. Finally, return the swap count.
