# 565. Array Nesting
## Level
Medium

## Description
A zero-indexed array A of length N contains all integers from 0 to N-1. Find and return the longest length of set S, where S[i] = {A[i], A[A[i]], A[A[A[i]]], ... } subjected to the rule below.

Suppose the first element in S starts with the selection of element A[i] of index = i, the next element in S should be A[A[i]], and then A[A[A[i]]]бн By that analogy, we stop adding right before a duplicate element occurs in S.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [5,4,0,3,1,6,2]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

A[0] = 5, A[1] = 4, A[2] = 0, A[3] = 3, A[4] = 1, A[5] = 6, A[6] = 2.

One of the longest S[K]:

S[0] = {A[0], A[5], A[6], A[2]} = {5, 6, 2, 0}

**Note:**

1. N is an integer within the range [1, 20,000].
2. The elements of A are all distinct.
3. Each element of A is an integer within the range [0, N-1].

## Solution
It can be seen that if a nesting loop exists, starting from any index in the loop doesn't change the length of the nesting set. Therefore, do the nesting directly starting from index 0. Use an array of `boolean` type to store whether each index in the array has been visited.

Each time, check whether the current index has been visited. If visited, then skip the current index and move forward to the next index. Otherwise, obtain the number at the current index, set the current index as visited, add the length by 1, and use the number as the new index to repeat the steps. The process continues until the new index has been visited.

Finally, return the maximum length.
