# 890. Find and Replace Pattern
## Level
Medium

## Description
You have a list of `words` and a `pattern`, and you want to know which words in `words` matches the pattern.

A word matches the pattern if there exists a permutation of letters `p` so that after replacing every letter `x` in the pattern with `p(x)`, we get the desired word.

(*Recall that a permutation of letters is a bijection from letters to letters: every letter maps to another letter, and no two letters map to the same letter.*)

Return a list of the words in `words` that match the given pattern. 

You may return the answer in any order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** words = ["abc","deq","mee","aqq","dkd","ccc"], pattern = "abb"

**Output:** ["mee","aqq"]

**Explanation:** "mee" matches the pattern because there is a permutation {a -> m, b -> e, ...}. "ccc" does not match the pattern because {a -> c, b -> c, ...} is not a permutation, since a and b map to the same letter.

**Note:**

* `1 <= words.length <= 50`
* `1 <= pattern.length = words[i].length <= 20`

## Solution
For each `word` in `words`, check whether there is a bijection between `word` and `pattern`. If there is a bijection, then add `word` to the result list. Finally, return the result list.

To check whether there is a bijection between `word` and `pattern`, first check whether their lengths are the same, and then use two maps to store the mapping relations. For each index `i` from 0 to `word.length() - 1`, obtain `c1 = word.charAt(i)` and `c2 = pattern.charAt(i)`, and check whether the two letters contradict with the existing entries in the two maps. If a contradiction exists, return `false`. Otherwise, if the letters are not in the maps yet, then add the entries in the maps. If no contradiction is met, return `true`.
