# 1019. Next Greater Node In Linked List
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given a linked list with `head` as the first node. Let's number the nodes in the list: `node_1, node_2, node_3, ...` etc.

Each node may have a *next larger* **value**: for `node_i`, `next_larger(node_i)` is the `node_j.val` such that `j > i`, `node_j.val > node_i.val`, and `j` is the smallest possible choice. If such a `j` does not exist, the next larger value is `0`.

Return an array of integers `answer`, where `answer[i] = next_larger(node_{i+1})`.

Note that in the example **inputs** (not outputs) below, arrays such as `[2,1,5]` represent the serialization of a linked list with a head node value of 2, second node value of 1, and third node value of 5.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [2,1,5]

**Output:** [5,5,0]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [2,7,4,3,5]

**Output:** [7,0,5,5,0]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [1,7,5,1,9,2,5,1]

**Output:** [7,9,9,9,0,5,0,0]

**Note:**

1. `1 <= node.val <= 10^9` for each node in the linked list.
2. The given list has length in the range `[0, 10000]`.

## Solution
Fill in the result array from right to left. Use a stack to store the nodes so that the nodes are popped in the reversing order.

Use another stack to store the next greater element. Each time a node is popped from the node stack, obtain the node's value. If there are elements in the value stack that is less than or equal to the current node's value, pop the elements from the stack until the value stack is empty or the top element of the value stack is greater than the current node's value. If the value stack is not empty, set the current node's next greater value to be the value at the top of the value stack. Do the procedure for all nodes from right to left.
