# 1742. Maximum Number of Balls in a Box
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are working in a ball factory where you have `n` balls numbered from `lowLimit` up to `highLimit` **inclusive** (i.e., `n == highLimit - lowLimit + 1`), and an infinite number of boxes numbered from `1` to `infinity`.

Your job at this factory is to put each ball in the box with a number equal to the sum of digits of the ball's number. For example, the ball number `321` will be put in the box number `3 + 2 + 1 = 6` and the ball number `10` will be put in the box number `1 + 0 = 1`.

Given two integers `lowLimit` and `highLimit`, return *the number of balls in the box with the most balls*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** lowLimit = 1, highLimit = 10

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

Box Number:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ...

Ball Count:  2 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0  0  ...

Box 1 has the most number of balls with 2 balls.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** lowLimit = 5, highLimit = 15

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

Box Number:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 ...

Ball Count:  1 1 1 1 2 2 1 1 1 0  0  ...

Boxes 5 and 6 have the most number of balls with 2 balls in each.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** lowLimit = 19, highLimit = 28

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

Box Number:  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 ...

Ball Count:  0 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2  0  0  ...

Box 10 has the most number of balls with 2 balls.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= lowLimit <= highLimit <= 10^5`

## Solution
Since `highLimit <= 10^5`, the sum of digits of each number is at most 46. Create an array `sums` where `sums[i]` is the number of balls that have sum of digits equal to `i`. Loop over all numbers from `lowLimit` to `highLimit`. For each number, calculate the sum of digits and update the array. Finally, loop over the array and obtain the maximum count.
