# 295. Find Median from Data Stream
## Level
Hard

## Description
Median is the middle value in an ordered integer list. If the size of the list is even, there is no middle value. So the median is the mean of the two middle value.

For example,
`[2,3,4]`, the median is `3`

`[2,3]`, the median is `(2 + 3) / 2 = 2.5`

Design a data structure that supports the following two operations:

* void addNum(int num) - Add a integer number from the data stream to the data structure.
* double findMedian() - Return the median of all elements so far.

**Example:**
```
addNum(1)
addNum(2)
findMedian() -> 1.5
addNum(3) 
findMedian() -> 2
```

**Follow up:**

1. If all integer numbers from the stream are between 0 and 100, how would you optimize it?
2. If 99% of all integer numbers from the stream are between 0 and 100, how would you optimize it?

## Solution
Use two priority queues to store the smaller half elements and the larger half elements respectively. The first priority queue `priorityQueue1` stores the smaller half elements and the largest element is polled first. The second priority queue `priorityQueue2` stores the larger half elements and the smallest element is polled first. If there are odd number of elements, then `priorityQueue1` stores one more element than `priorityQueue2`. Since the median is calculated differently for the cases of odd number of elements and even number of elements, also maintain a boolean variable `even` to represent whether the number of elements is even or odd.

For the constructor, initialize `priorityQueue1` and `priorityQueue2` as mentioned above, and initialize `even = true`, since 0 is also even.

For `addNum(int num)`, the cases are different when the number of elements is even or odd. If `even` is `true`, which means there are even number of elements, then offer `num` to `priorityQueue2`, and poll one element from `priorityQueue2` and offer the polled element to `priorityQueue1`. If `even` is `false`, which means there are odd number of elements, then offer `num` to `priorityQueue1`, and poll one element from `priorityQueue1` and offer the polled element to `priorityQueue2`.

For `findMedian()`, calculate the median according to whether the number of elements is even or odd. If `even` is `true`, which means there are even number of elements, then peek one element from each queue `priorityQueue1` and `priorityQueue2` respectively, calculate the mean of the two peeked elements and return the mean. If `even` is `false`, which means there are odd number of elements, then peek the element of `priorityQueue1` and return.
