# 827. Making A Large Island
## Level
Hard

## Description
In a 2D grid of `0`s and `1`s, we change at most one `0` to a `1`.

After, what is the size of the largest island? (An island is a 4-directionally connected group of `1`s).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [[1, 0], [0, 1]]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Change one 0 to 1 and connect two 1s, then we get an island with area = 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [[1, 1], [1, 0]]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Change the 0 to 1 and make the island bigger, only one island with area = 4.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [[1, 1], [1, 1]]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Can't change any 0 to 1, only one island with area = 4.

**Notes:**

* `1 <= grid.length = grid[0].length <= 50`.
* `0 <= grid[i][j] <= 1`.

## Solution
Loop over `grid` to store all the cells with 0's and do breadth first search on each island. Create another 2D array with the same size as `grid` to store each cell's island number, or 0 if the corresponding value in `grid` is 0. After doing breadth first search on one island, the size of the island can be obtained. Use a map to store each island's size. Also obtain the maximum island size at this point. Then for each cell with 0, initialize the current size to 1 and obtain all its adjacent cells. For each adjacent cell, if it is 1 in `grid` (or equivalently, it is greater than 0 in the new 2D array), then the adjacent cell is on an island. Use a set to store the island numbers that are adjacent to the current cell that has value 0. If the current cell is changed to 1, the total size of the island is the sum of all adjacent islands plus 1. Update the maximum island size accordingly. Finally, return the maximum island size.
