# 385. Mini Parser
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a nested list of integers represented as a string, implement a parser to deserialize it.

Each element is either an integer, or a list -- whose elements may also be integers or other lists.

**Note:** You may assume that the string is well-formed:

* String is non-empty.
* String does not contain white spaces.
* String contains only digits `0-9`, `[`, `-` `,`, `]`.

**Example 1:**
```
Given s = "324",

You should return a NestedInteger object which contains a single integer 324.
```
**Example 2:**
```
Given s = "[123,[456,[789]]]",

Return a NestedInteger object containing a nested list with 2 elements:

1. An integer containing value 123.
2. A nested list containing two elements:
    i.  An integer containing value 456.
    ii. A nested list with one element:
         a. An integer containing value 789.
```

## Solution
If `s` is empty, then return an empty nested list.

If `s` contains a single number, then return a nested integer object which contains the single number.

In other cases, `s` must represent a nested list. Process `s` to separate numbers and brackets, and replace all commas with spaces. Then convert `s` into an array so that all terms are separated.

Use a stack to store objects of type `NestedInteger`. Loop over the array. If a `[` is met, then there is a new nested list, so create an empty nested list and push it into the stack. If a `]` is met, the the deepest nested list is finished, and if the stack's size is greater than 1, pop the nested list from the stack and add it to the previous nested list (which is the new element at the top of the stack after popping the nested list). Otherwise, a number is met, so create a `NestedInteger` object with the given number and add it into the nested list at the top of the stack.

Finally, there will be only one element in the stack. Pop the element from the stack and return.
