# 353. Design Snake Game
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design a [Snake game](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snake_(video_game)) that is played on a device with screen size = *width* x *height*. [Play the game online](http://patorjk.com/games/snake/) if you are not familiar with the game.

The snake is initially positioned at the top left corner (0,0) with length = 1 unit.

You are given a list of food's positions in row-column order. When a snake eats the food, its length and the game's score both increase by 1.

Each food appears one by one on the screen. For example, the second food will not appear until the first food was eaten by the snake.

When a food does appear on the screen, it is guaranteed that it will not appear on a block occupied by the snake.

**Example:**
```
Given width = 3, height = 2, and food = [[1,2],[0,1]].

Snake snake = new Snake(width, height, food);

Initially the snake appears at position (0,0) and the food at (1,2).

|S| | |
| | |F|

snake.move("R"); -> Returns 0

| |S| |
| | |F|

snake.move("D"); -> Returns 0

| | | |
| |S|F|

snake.move("R"); -> Returns 1 (Snake eats the first food and right after that, the second food appears at (0,1) )

| |F| |
| |S|S|

snake.move("U"); -> Returns 1

| |F|S|
| | |S|

snake.move("L"); -> Returns 2 (Snake eats the second food)

| |S|S|
| | |S|

snake.move("U"); -> Returns -1 (Game over because snake collides with border)
```

## Solution
In the constructor, initialize the screen width, screen height, the food positions, the count of food. The index of food is initialized to 0. Also initialize two queues to store the snake's positions. One queue stores arrays of `int` type and the other queue stores the arrays in `String` type. To determine whether a block is occupied by the snake, the queue that stores the arrays in `String` type is used. The current position (or the snake's head position) is initialized as (0, 0) and is offered to both queues. Finally, the score is initialized as 0.

For each move, first decide whether the move is legal, which means the move can only be 'U', 'L', 'R' or 'D'. If the move is illegal, return -1 (although illegal moves are unlikely to happen).

Secondly, decide the block in which the snake's head will be after the move. If the head collides with border, then the result is game over and return -1.

Thirdly, determine whether the snake eats the food with the move. If so, add the index of food by 1, offer the block that the snake's head is in to both queues, set the current position to be the new position, and add score by 1. Since the snake's length increases by 1 after eating the food, the snake's tail remains unchanged. Return the score.

Fourthly, the case is that the snake doesn't eat the food with the move. The snake's length remains unchanged, so the tail should move forward by 1 step as well. Poll both queues so that the previous block occupied by the tail is not occupied anymore. If the new position is already occupied by the snake (after polling both queues), then the snake bits its body, which results in game over and return -1. Otherwise, the score is unchanged. Offer the block that the snake's head is in to both queues, set the current position to be the new position, and return the score.
