# 552. Student Attendance Record II
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a positive integer **n**, return the number of all possible attendance records with length n, which will be regarded as rewardable. The answer may be very large, return it after mod 10<sup>9</sup> + 7.

A student attendance record is a string that only contains the following three characters:

1. **'A'** : Absent.
2. **'L'** : Late.
3. **'P'** : Present.

A record is regarded as rewardable if it doesn't contain **more than one 'A' (absent)** or **more than two continuous 'L' (late)**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 2

**Output**: 8

**Explanation:**

There are 8 records with length 2 will be regarded as rewardable:

"PP" , "AP", "PA", "LP", "PL", "AL", "LA", "LL"

Only "AA" won't be regarded as rewardable owing to more than one absent times.

**Note:** The value of **n** won't exceed 100,000.

## Solution
If `n == 1`, then there are 3 possible attendance records that are rewardable. If `n == 2`, then there are 8 possible attendance records that are rewardable, where the only attendance record that is not rewardable is "AA".

For `n` greater than 1, use dynamic programming. For each index in the attendance records, there are 7 states that need to be considered.

1. The current letter is 'A'.
2. The current letter is a single 'L', and 'A' is not in the record.
3. The current letter is a single 'L', and 'A' is in the record.
4. The current letter and the previous letter are both 'L', and 'A' is not in the record.
5. The current letter and the previous letter are both 'L', and 'A' is in the record.
6. The current letter is 'P', and 'A' is not in the record.
7. The current letter and the previous letter are both 'L', and 'A' is in the record.

To determine whether each state is available at the current index, the states at the previous index need to be considered.

1. State 1 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 2, 4 or 6.
2. State 2 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 6.
3. State 3 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 1 or 7.
4. State 4 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 2.
5. State 5 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 3.
6. State 6 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 2, 4 or 6.
7. State 7 at the current index is available if and only if the previous index has state 1, 3, 5 or 7.

For `n == 1`, only states 1, 2 and 6 are available. For the following indices, the number of states can be calculated using the states of the previous index.
