# 1419. Minimum Number of Frogs Croaking
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given the string `croakOfFrogs`, which represents a combination of the string "croak" from different frogs, that is, multiple frogs can croak at the same time, so multiple ¡°croak¡± are mixed. *Return the minimum number of different frogs to finish all the croak in the given string.*

A valid "croak" means a frog is printing 5 letters 'c', 'r', 'o', 'a', 'k' **sequentially**. The frogs have to print all five letters to finish a croak. If the given string is not a combination of valid "croak" return -1.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** croakOfFrogs = "croakcroak"

**Output:** 1 

**Explanation:** One frog yelling "croak" twice.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** croakOfFrogs = "crcoakroak"

**Output:** 2 

**Explanation:** The minimum number of frogs is two. 

The first frog could yell "**cr**c**oak**roak".

The second frog could yell later "cr**c**oak**roak**".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** croakOfFrogs = "croakcrook"

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** The given string is an invalid combination of "croak" from different frogs.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** croakOfFrogs = "croakcroa"

**Output:** -1

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= croakOfFrogs.length <= 10^5`
* All characters in the string are: `'c'`, `'r'`, `'o'`, `'a'` or `'k'`.

## Solution
Obviously, if the string is a combination of valid "croak", the length of the string must be divisible by 5. Therefore, if the length of the string is not divisible by 5, return -1 directly.

Use a map to map each letter to the corresponding index, where 'c', 'r', 'o', 'a', 'k' are mapped to 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 respectively. Maintain the current number of frogs and the maximum number of frogs simiultaneously, and maintain the count of each index. Loop over the string from left to right. For each letter, obtain its corresponding index. If the index is 0, then increase the count of index 0 by 1, increase the current number of frogs by 1 and update the maximum number of frogs simultaneously. Otherwise, decrease the count of the previous index by 1 and return -1 if the count of the previous index becomes negative, and increase the count of the index by 1 if the index is less than 4, or decrease the current number of frogs by 1 if the index is 4.

After looping over the string, all indices' counts should be 0. If there exists an index's count that is not 0, return -1.

Finally, return the maximum number of frogs simultaneously.
