# 265. Paint House II
## Level
Hard

## Description
There are a row of *n* houses, each house can be painted with one of the *k* colors. The cost of painting each house with a certain color is different. You have to paint all the houses such that no two adjacent houses have the same color.

The cost of painting each house with a certain color is represented by a `n x k` cost matrix. For example, `costs[0][0]` is the cost of painting house 0 with color 0; `costs[1][2]` is the cost of painting house 1 with color 2, and so on... Find the minimum cost to paint all houses.

**Note:**

All costs are positive integers.

**Example:**

**Input:** [[1,5,3],[2,9,4]]

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** Paint house 0 into color 0, paint house 1 into color 2. Minimum cost: 1 + 4 = 5; or paint house 0 into color 2, paint house 1 into color 0. Minimum cost: 3 + 2 = 5.

**Follow up:**

Could you solve it in O(*nk*) runtime?

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` with `n` rows and `k` columns. The element `dp[i][j]` represents the minimum total cost so far to paint houses `0` to `i` with the house at index `i` painted with color `j`.

For row 0 which corresponds to house 0, `dp[0][j]` equals `costs[0][j]`. To get `dp[i][j]` for `i > 0`, first find the minimum in row `dp[i - 1]` except `dp[i - 1][j]`, which is represented as `min` here, since any two adjacent houses must be painted with different colors, then set `dp[i][j] = min + costs[i][j]`.

Finally, find the minimum element from row `dp[n - 1]` and return the minimum value, which is the minimum cost to paint all houses.
