# 975. Odd Even Jump
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an integer array `A`. From some starting index, you can make a series of jumps.  The (1st, 3rd, 5th, ...) jumps in the series are called *odd numbered jumps*, and the (2nd, 4th, 6th, ...) jumps in the series are called *even numbered jumps*.

You may from index i jump forward to index j (with i < j) in the following way:

* During odd numbered jumps (ie. jumps 1, 3, 5, ...), you jump to the index j such that `A[i] <= A[j]` and `A[j]` is the smallest possible value.  If there are multiple such indexes `j`, you can only jump to the **smallest** such index `j`.
* During even numbered jumps (ie. jumps 2, 4, 6, ...), you jump to the index j such that `A[i] >= A[j]` and `A[j]` is the largest possible value. If there are multiple such indexes `j`, you can only jump to the **smallest** such index `j`.
* (It may be the case that for some index `i`, there are no legal jumps.)

A starting index is good if, starting from that index, you can reach the end of the array (index `A.length - 1`) by jumping some number of times (possibly 0 or more than once.)

Return the number of good starting indexes.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [10,13,12,14,15]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

From starting index i = 0, we can jump to i = 2 (since A[2] is the smallest among A[1], A[2], A[3], A[4] that is greater or equal to A[0]), then we can't jump any more.

From starting index i = 1 and i = 2, we can jump to i = 3, then we can't jump any more.

From starting index i = 3, we can jump to i = 4, so we've reached the end.

From starting index i = 4, we've reached the end already.

In total, there are 2 different starting indexes (i = 3, i = 4) where we can reach the end with some number of jumps.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [2,3,1,1,4]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

From starting index i = 0, we make jumps to i = 1, i = 2, i = 3:

During our 1st jump (odd numbered), we first jump to i = 1 because A[1] is the smallest value in (A[1], A[2], A[3], A[4]) that is greater than or equal to A[0].

During our 2nd jump (even numbered), we jump from i = 1 to i = 2 because A[2] is the largest value in (A[2], A[3], A[4]) that is less than or equal to A[1]. A[3] is also the largest value, but 2 is a smaller index, so we can only jump to i = 2 and not i = 3.

During our 3rd jump (odd numbered), we jump from i = 2 to i = 3 because A[3] is the smallest value in (A[3], A[4]) that is greater than or equal to A[2].

We can't jump from i = 3 to i = 4, so the starting index i = 0 is not good.

In a similar manner, we can deduce that:

From starting index i = 1, we jump to i = 4, so we reach the end.

From starting index i = 2, we jump to i = 3, and then we can't jump anymore.

From starting index i = 3, we jump to i = 4, so we reach the end.

From starting index i = 4, we are already at the end.

In total, there are 3 different starting indexes (i = 1, i = 3, i = 4) where we can reach the end with some number of jumps.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [5,1,3,4,2]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

We can reach the end from starting indexes 1, 2, and 4.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length <= 20000`
2. `0 <= A[i] < 100000`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create two arrays `oddJumps` and `evenJumps` of length `A.length`, where `oddJumps[i]` and `evenJumps[i]` represent that whether an odd jump and an even jump starting from index `i` can reach reach the end of the array. Initialize `oddJumps[A.length - 1] = true` and `evenJumps[A.length - 1] = true`. Use a tree map to store each element in array `A` and the smallest index that has the element, where the keys are sorted in ascending order. Initially, put `[A[A.length - 1], A.length - 1]` into the tree map.

For index `i` from `A.length - 2` to 0, obtain `key = A[i]`. If the tree map contains the key `key`, then obtain `index` from the tree map using `key`, and update `oddJumps[i] = evenJumps[index]` and `evenJumps[i] = oddJumps[index]`. If the tree map does not contain the key `key`, then obtain the lower key of `key` and the higher key of `key`, and update `evenJumps[i]` with the lower key's information and update `oddJumps[i]` with the higher key's information. Then put `[key, i]` into the tree map.

If for index `i`, `oddJumps[i]` is `true`, then it means that a jump starting from index `i` can reach the end of the array. Therefore, loop over `oddJumps` and count the number of elements `true`, and return the count.
