# 911. Online Election
## Level
Medium

## Description
In an election, the i-th vote was cast for persons[i] at time times[i].

Now, we would like to implement the following query function: TopVotedCandidate.q(int t) will return the number of the person that was leading the election at time t.  

Votes cast at time t will count towards our query.  In the case of a tie, the most recent vote (among tied candidates) wins.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["TopVotedCandidate","q","q","q","q","q","q"], [[[0,1,1,0,0,1,0],[0,5,10,15,20,25,30]],[3],[12],[25],[15],[24],[8]]

**Output:** [null,0,1,1,0,0,1]

**Explanation:**

At time 3, the votes are [0], and 0 is leading.

At time 12, the votes are [0,1,1], and 1 is leading.

At time 25, the votes are [0,1,1,0,0,1], and 1 is leading (as ties go to the most recent vote.)

This continues for 3 more queries at time 15, 24, and 8.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= persons.length = times.length <= 5000`
2. `0 <= persons[i] <= persons.length`
3. `times` is a strictly increasing array with all elements in `[0, 10^9]`.
4. `TopVotedCandidate.q` is called at most `10000` times per test case.
5. `TopVotedCandidate.q(int t)` is always called with `t >= times[0]`.

## Solution
Maintain a tree map that stores each time a vote occurs and the leading person at the time.

For the constructor, create a hash map that stores each person and the number of votes that the person gets, and maintain the maximum votes and the person that gets the maximum votes. For each vote, obtain the person and the time, and update the person's number of votes in the hash map. If the current person's vote (after adding the latest vote) is greater than or equal to the maximum votes, then update the maximum votes and the person that gets the maximum votes. Update the current time and the person that gets the maximum votes in the tree map.

For method `q(int t)`, find the floor key of `t` in the tree map and get the leading person from the floor key.
