# 496. Next Greater Element I
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are given two arrays **(without duplicates)** `nums1` and `nums2` where `nums1`'s elements are subset of `nums2`. Find all the next greater numbers for `nums1`'s elements in the corresponding places of `nums2`.

The Next Greater Number of a number **x** in `nums1` is the first greater number to its right in `nums2`. If it does not exist, output -1 for this number.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums1 = [4,1,2], nums2 = [1,3,4,2].

**Output:** [-1,3,-1]

**Explanation:**

For number 4 in the first array, you cannot find the next greater number for it in the second array, so output -1.

For number 1 in the first array, the next greater number for it in the second array is 3.

For number 2 in the first array, there is no next greater number for it in the second array, so output -1.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums1 = [2,4], nums2 = [1,2,3,4].

**Output:** [3,-1]

**Explanation:**

For number 2 in the first array, the next greater number for it in the second array is 3.

For number 4 in the first array, there is no next greater number for it in the second array, so output -1.

**Note:**
1. All elements in `nums1` and `nums2` are unique.
2. The length of both `nums1` and `nums2` would not exceed 1000.

## Solution
First loop over `nums2` to find all the next greater numbers for `nums2`'s elements. Use a stack to store the greatest number so far. If the current number is greater than the top element of the stack (while stack is not empty), then update the top element's next greater number to be the current number and pop the number from the stack. Repeat the procedure until the stack is empty or the stack's top element is greater than or equal to the current number, and then push the current number into the stack. For the numbers that do not have a next greater element, set their next greater elements to -1.

Each number in `nums1` must be in `nums2` since `nums1` is a subset of `nums2`. For each number in `nums1`, find the same number in `nums2` and set its next greater element to be its next greater element in `nums2`.
