# 1186. Maximum Subarray Sum with One Deletion
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array of integers, return the maximum sum for a **non-empty** subarray (contiguous elements) with at most one element deletion. In other words, you want to choose a subarray and optionally delete one element from it so that there is still at least one element left and the sum of the remaining elements is maximum possible.

Note that the subarray needs to be **non-empty** after deleting one element.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [1,-2,0,3]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Because we can choose [1, -2, 0, 3] and drop -2, thus the subarray [1, 0, 3] becomes the maximum value.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [1,-2,-2,3]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** We just choose [3] and it's the maximum sum.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr = [-1,-1,-1,-1]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** The final subarray needs to be non-empty. You can't choose [-1] and delete -1 from it, then get an empty subarray to make the sum equals to 0.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr.length <= 10^5`
* `-10^4 <= arr[i] <= 10^4`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. The solution is similar to the solution to problem 53, but in this problem, at most one element can be deleted.

Maintain three variables `max1`, `max2` and `max3` at each index in `arr`, where `max1` represents the maximum subarray sum at the current index in which no element is deleted, `max2` represents the maximum subarray sum at the current index in which one element is deleted but the element at the current index is not deleted, and `max3` represents the maximum subarray sum at the current index in which the element at the current index is deleted. Initialize all three variables to `arr[0]` (since the subarray can't be empty, the first element is currently not deleted). Also use a variable `max` to store the global maximum subarray sum.

For `i` from 1 to `arr.length - 1`, use `newMax1`, `newMax2` and `newMax3` to store the updated values of `max1`, `max2` and `max3`. The updating is done as follows.

1. `newMax1 = Math.max(max1 + arr[i], arr[i])`. Since no element is deleted, the maximum sum is either the previous sum plus the current element, or only the current element. Keep the maximum of the two values.
2. `newMax2 = Math.max(Math.max(max2, max3) + arr[i], arr[i])`. Since one element is deleted but not the current element, the deleted element can be either at the previous index or at some index before the previous index, so two cases of the previous index need to be considered.
3. `newMax3 = max1`. Since the current element is deleted, this is equivalent to the maximum sum at the previous index where no element is deleted.

Finally, return `max`.
