# 966. Vowel Spellchecker
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a `wordlist`, we want to implement a spellchecker that converts a query word into a correct word.

For a given `query` word, the spell checker handles two categories of spelling mistakes:

* Capitalization: If the query matches a word in the wordlist (**case-insensitive**), then the query word is returned with the same case as the case in the wordlist.
   * Example: wordlist = ["yellow"], query = "YellOw": correct = "yellow"
   * Example: wordlist = ["Yellow"], query = "yellow": correct = "Yellow"
   * Example: wordlist = ["yellow"], query = "yellow": correct = "yellow"
* Vowel Errors: If after replacing the vowels ('a', 'e', 'i', 'o', 'u') of the query word with any vowel individually, it matches a word in the wordlist (**case-insensitive**), then the query word is returned with the same case as the match in the wordlist.
   * Example: wordlist = ["YellOw"], query = "yollow": correct = "YellOw"
   * Example: wordlist = ["YellOw"], query = "yeellow": correct = "" (no match)
   * Example: wordlist = ["YellOw"], query = "yllw": correct = "" (no match)

In addition, the spell checker operates under the following precedence rules:

* When the query exactly matches a word in the wordlist (**case-sensitive**), you should return the same word back.
* When the query matches a word up to capitlization, you should return the first such match in the wordlist.
* When the query matches a word up to vowel errors, you should return the first such match in the wordlist.
* If the query has no matches in the wordlist, you should return the empty string.

Given some `queries`, return a list of words `answer`, where `answer[i]` is the correct word for `query = queries[i]`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** wordlist = ["KiTe","kite","hare","Hare"], queries = ["kite","Kite","KiTe","Hare","HARE","Hear","hear","keti","keet","keto"]

**Output:** ["kite","KiTe","KiTe","Hare","hare","","","KiTe","","KiTe"]

**Note:**

* `1 <= wordlist.length <= 5000`
* `1 <= queries.length <= 5000`
* `1 <= wordlist[i].length <= 7`
* `1 <= queries[i].length <= 7`
* All strings in `wordlist` and `queries` consist only of **english** letters.

## Solution
Add all the words in `wordlist` to a set, and use two maps to store the lower case version and the devoweled version (where each vowel is replace by another character) of each word respectively.

For each string in `query`, first check whether the string is in the set. If so, this is an exact match, so return the same word as the match word.

If no exact match is found, then check whether there is a match that contains exactly the same letters ignoring case. If so, return the first such word in `wordlist` as the match word.

If no same word ignoring case is found, then check whether there is a devowel match. If so, return the first such word in `wordlist` as the match word.

If no devowel match is found, return an empty string as the match word.
