# 1996. The Number of Weak Characters in the Game
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are playing a game that contains multiple characters, and each of the characters has **two** main properties: **attack** and **defense**. You are given a 2D integer array properties where `properties[i] = [attack_i, defense_i]` represents the properties of the `i-th` character in the game.

A character is said to be **weak** if any other character has **both** attack and defense levels **strictly greater** than this character's attack and defense levels. More formally, a character `i` is said to be **weak** if there exists another character `j` where `attack_j > attack_i` and `defense_j > defense_i`.

Return *the number of **weak** characters*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** properties = [[5,5],[6,3],[3,6]]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** No character has strictly greater attack and defense than the other.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** properties = [[2,2],[3,3]]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The first character is weak because the second character has a strictly greater attack and defense.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** properties = [[1,5],[10,4],[4,3]]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The third character is weak because the second character has a strictly greater attack and defense.

**Constraints:**

* `2 <= properties.length <= 10^5`
* `properties[i].length == 2`
* `1 <= attack_i, defense_i <= 10^5`

## Solution
Sort `properties` according to `attack` in ascending order and then according to `defense` in ascending order. Loop over `properties` backwards. When a character is visited, the characters with greater attack values have already been visited. If there exists at least one character among these characters that has a greater defense value, then the current character is weak.
