# 198. House Robber
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed, the only constraint stopping you from robbing each of them is that adjacent houses have security system connected and **it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night**.

Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight **without alerting the police**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,1]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Rob house 1 (money = 1) and then rob house 3 (money = 3). Total amount you can rob = 1 + 3 = 4.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [2,7,9,3,1]

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** Rob house 1 (money = 2), rob house 3 (money = 9) and rob house 5 (money = 1). Total amount you can rob = 2 + 9 + 1 = 12.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Consider the houses from begin to end, where each house may have two states, either to rob or not to rob.

The dynamic programming array consists of N rows and 2 columns, where N is the number of houses, and thus each row represents the statuses of each house, while the 2 columns represent the statuses that the current house is not robbed and the current house is robbed, respectively. The dynamic programming array represents the maximum amount of money to be robbed up to the current house.

For the house at index 0, obviously column 0 is 0, and column 1 is the amount of money in the house. For the following houses, column 0 is the max value of the previous row (since the current house is not robbed, the previous house and the current house can't be robbed on the same night, so just consider the max value), and column 1 equals column 0 of the previous row plus the amount of money in the current house (since the current house is robbed, the previous house can't be robbed because it is adjacent to the current house).

Then the max value of the last row of the dynamic programming array is the maximum amount of money that can be robbed.
