# 854. K-Similar Strings
## Level
Hard

## Description
Strings `A` and `B` are `K`-similar (for some non-negative integer `K`) if we can swap the positions of two letters in `A` exactly `K` times so that the resulting string equals `B`.

Given two anagrams `A` and `B`, return the smallest `K` for which `A` and `B` are `K`-similar.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = "ab", B = "ba"

**Output:** 1

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = "abc", B = "bca"

**Output:** 2

**Example 3:**

**Input:** A = "abac", B = "baca"

**Output:** 2

**Example 4:**

**Input:** A = "aabc", B = "abca"

**Output:** 2

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length == B.length <= 20`
2. `A` and `B` contain only lowercase letters from the set `{'a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f'}`

## Solution
If `A` and `B` are the same, return 0.

Loop over `A` and `B` and only keep the letters that are different in the two strings. For example, if `A = "aabc"` and `B = "abca"`, since the first letter `'a'` is the same in `A` and `B`, it is not kept, so `A` and `B` become `"abc"` and `"bca"` respectively. After removing the same letters, all the letters need to be swapped, which can reduce the search space.

Then do breadth first search starting from `A`. For each string visited, which is `str`, obtain the first index where the letter in the string is different to the letter in `B`, which is `startIndex`. Then loop over all indices after `startIndex` and swap the letters at index `i` and index `startIndex` only if `str.charAt(i) == B.charAt(startIndex)`. After swapping, add the new string to the queue for further search. Also maintain the number of swaps so far.

If at one step, the string equals `B`, then return the number of swaps.
