# 309. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Cooldown
## Level
Medium

## Description
Say you have an array for which the *i*<sup>th</sup> element is the price of a given stock on day *i*.

Design an algorithm to find the maximum profit. You may complete as many transactions as you like (ie, buy one and sell one share of the stock multiple times) with the following restrictions:

* You may not engage in multiple transactions at the same time (ie, you must sell the stock before you buy again).
* After you sell your stock, you cannot buy stock on next day. (ie, cooldown 1 day)

**Example:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,0,2]

**Output:** 3 

**Explanation:** transactions = [buy, sell, cooldown, buy, sell]

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` with `prices.length` rows and 3 columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum profit up to the *i*<sup>th</sup> day when the *i*<sup>th</sup> day has state `j`. Three states are as follows.

0. The stock is bought on the day or earlier, and not sold.
1. The stock is not bought currently, either sold on the day or earlier, or never bought.
2. The stock is not bought currently and is not sold on the day (if it was sold, at least one day before the day).

Initialize `dp[0][0] = -prices[0]` and `dp[0][1] = dp[0][2] = 0`. For `i` from 1 to `prices.length - 1`, update `dp` as follows.

1. `dp[i][0] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][0], dp[i - 1][2] - prices[i])`
2. `dp[i][1] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][1], dp[i - 1][0] + prices[i])`
3. `dp[i][2] = dp[i - 1][1]`

Finally, return the maximum value in the last row of `dp`.
