# 682. Baseball Game
## Level
Easy

## Description
You're now a baseball game point recorder.

Given a list of strings, each string can be one of the 4 following types:

1. `Integer` (one round's score): Directly represents the number of points you get in this round.
2. `"+"` (one round's score): Represents that the points you get in this round are the sum of the last two `valid` round's points.
3. `"D"` (one round's score): Represents that the points you get in this round are the doubled data of the last `valid` round's points.
4. `"C"` (an operation, which isn't a round's score): Represents the last `valid` round's points you get were invalid and should be removed.

Each round's operation is permanent and could have an impact on the round before and the round after.

You need to return the sum of the points you could get in all the rounds.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["5","2","C","D","+"]

**Output:** 30

**Explanation: **

Round 1: You could get 5 points. The sum is: 5.

Round 2: You could get 2 points. The sum is: 7.

Operation 1: The round 2's data was invalid. The sum is: 5.  

Round 3: You could get 10 points (the round 2's data has been removed). The sum is: 15.

Round 4: You could get 5 + 10 = 15 points. The sum is: 30.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** ["5","-2","4","C","D","9","+","+"]

**Output:** 27

**Explanation:**

Round 1: You could get 5 points. The sum is: 5.

Round 2: You could get -2 points. The sum is: 3.

Round 3: You could get 4 points. The sum is: 7.

Operation 1: The round 3's data is invalid. The sum is: 3.  

Round 4: You could get -4 points (the round 3's data has been removed). The sum is: -1.

Round 5: You could get 9 points. The sum is: 8.

Round 6: You could get -4 + 9 = 5 points. The sum is 13.

Round 7: You could get 9 + 5 = 14 points. The sum is 27.

**Note:**
* The size of the input list will be between 1 and 1000.
* Every integer represented in the list will be between -30000 and 30000.

## Solution
Use a stack to store the valid points and maintain the total score during the whole process.

For each string, do one of the following operations accordingly.

1. `Integer`: Push the integer as the number of points in this round into the stack, and add the integer to the total score.
2. `"+"`: Pop `num2` and `num1` from the stack, which are the last two valid points, calculate `sum = num1 + num2`, push `num1`, `num2`, and `sum` into the stack in the order, and add `sum` to the total score.
3. `"D"`: Obtain the last valid points from the stack (without popping the stack), calculate the doubled data of the last valid points as the new points, push the new points into the stack, and add the new points to the total score.
4. `"C"`: Pop the last valid points from the stack and subtract the last valid points from the total score.

Finally, return the total score.
