# 1702. Maximum Binary String After Change
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a binary string `binary` consisting of only `0`'s or `1`'s. You can apply each of the following operations any number of times:

* Operation 1: If the number contains the substring `"00"`, you can replace it with `"10"`.
   * For example, `"00010" -> "10010"`
* Operation 2: If the number contains the substring `"10"`, you can replace it with `"01"`.
   * For example, `"00010" -> "00001"`

*Return the **maximum binary string** you can obtain after any number of operations. Binary string `x` is greater than binary string `y` if `x`'s decimal representation is greater than `y`'s decimal representation.*

**Example 1:**

**Input:** binary = "000110"

**Output:** "111011"

**Explanation:** A valid transformation sequence can be:

"000110" -> "000101" 

"000101" -> "100101" 

"100101" -> "110101" 

"110101" -> "110011" 

"110011" -> "111011"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** binary = "01"

**Output:** "01"

**Explanation:** "01" cannot be transformed any further.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= binary.length <= 10^5`
* `binary` consist of `'0'` and `'1'`.

## Solution
The operations are equivalent to the following. Let the first two occurrences of zeros be indices `index1` and `index2`. Then one operation makes `index1` and `index2` become ones and makes `index1 + 1` become zero.

Therefore, use a double-ended queue (deque) to store the indices of all zeros. While the deque's size is at least 2, poll two elements from the front, where the first element is `index`, and offer `index + 1` to the front of the deque. Finally, there is only one element in the deque, which is the index of the only zero in the binary string. Generate the maximum binary string such that all characters are ones except the only zero at the index in the deque, and return the maximum binary string.
