# 1209. Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s`, a *k duplicate removal* consists of choosing `k` adjacent and equal letters from `s` and removing them causing the left and the right side of the deleted substring to concatenate together.

We repeatedly make `k` duplicate removals on `s` until we no longer can.

Return the final string after all such duplicate removals have been made.

It is guaranteed that the answer is unique.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "abcd", k = 2

**Output:** "abcd"

**Explanation:** There's nothing to delete.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "deeedbbcccbdaa", k = 3

**Output:** "aa"

**Explanation:**

First delete "eee" and "ccc", get "ddbbbdaa"

Then delete "bbb", get "dddaa"

Finally delete "ddd", get "aa"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "pbbcggttciiippooaais", k = 2

**Output:** "ps"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `2 <= k <= 10^4`
* `s` only contains lower case English letters.

## Solution
Use a string buffer to store the remaining characters in string `s`. Loop over `s` from left to right and check whether adding the current character to the string buffer will cause `k` adjacent and equal letters. If so, remove the previous `k - 1` letters. Otherwise, add the current character to the string buffer.

To check whether there are `k` adjacent and equal letters in the string buffer, one way is to directly check the `k` adjacent letters, which is time-consuming. Another way is to maintain a list that stores the numbers of adjacent and equal letters at each index. If letters are removed from the string buffer, then remove the elements from the list as well.

Finally, convert the string buffer into a string and return.
