# 1658. Minimum Operations to Reduce X to Zero
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given an integer array `nums` and an integer `x`. In one operation, you can either remove the leftmost or the rightmost element from the array `nums` and subtract its value from `x`. Note that this **modifies** the array for future operations.

Return *the **minimum number** of operations to reduce `x` to **exactly** `0` if it's possible, otherwise, return `-1`*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,1,4,2,3], x = 5

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** The optimal solution is to remove the last two elements to reduce x to zero.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [5,6,7,8,9], x = 4

**Output:** -1

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [3,2,20,1,1,3], x = 10

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** The optimal solution is to remove the last three elements and the first two elements (5 operations in total) to reduce x to zero.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^4`
* `1 <= x <= 10^9`

## Solution
Let `sum` be the sum of all elements in `nums`. Then this problem is equivalent to finding the longest subarray with sum `sum - x`, and return the number of remaining elements.

Initialize the maximum length to be -1.

Since all elements in `nums` are positive, use a map to store each prefix sum and the end index of the prefix sum. Specifically, the index of prefix sum 0 is -1.

Then loop over the prefix sums. For each index `i`, let `prefixSum` be the prefix sum at index `i`, check whether the previous index with prefix sum `prefixSum - (sum - x)` exists. If so, update the maximum length of the subarray with sum `sum - x`.

If the maximum length is -1, return -1. Otherwise, return `nums.length` minus the maximum length.
