# 1434. Number of Ways to Wear Different Hats to Each Other
## Level
Hard

## Description
There are `n` people and 40 types of hats labeled from 1 to 40.

Given a list of list of integers `hats`, where `hats[i]` is a list of all hats preferred by the `i-th` person.

Return the number of ways that the n people wear different hats to each other.

Since the answer may be too large, return it modulo `10^9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** hats = [[3,4],[4,5],[5]]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** There is only one way to choose hats given the conditions.

First person choose hat 3, Second person choose hat 4 and last one hat 5.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** hats = [[3,5,1],[3,5]]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:* There are 4 ways to choose hats

(3,5), (5,3), (1,3) and (1,5)

**Example 3:**

**Input:** hats = [[1,2,3,4],[1,2,3,4],[1,2,3,4],[1,2,3,4]]

**Output:** 24

**Explanation:** Each person can choose hats labeled from 1 to 4.

Number of Permutations of (1,2,3,4) = 24.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** hats = [[1,2,3],[2,3,5,6],[1,3,7,9],[1,8,9],[2,5,7]]

**Output:** 111

**Constraints:**

* `n == hats.length`
* `1 <= n <= 10`
* `1 <= hats[i].length <= 40`
* `1 <= hats[i][j] <= 40`
* `hats[i]` contains a list of unique integers.

## Solution
First, use a map to store each hat and the list of people that prefer the hat.

Then use dynamic programming with compressed states. Create a 2D array `dp` of 41 rows and `1 << n` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the number of ways to wear different hats when considering the hats labelled from 1 to `i` under state `j`. A state means whether each person is considered, and there are `2^n` states for `n` people. Initialize `dp[0][0] = 1`.

For `i` from 1 to 40, first copy `dp[i - 1]` to `dp[i]`, and then calculate the elements in `dp[i]`. For each hat, obtain the list of people that prefer the hat. When a hat is determined, for each state `j` and each person `k`, if `((j & (1 << k)) == 1 << k)`, then calculate `dp[i][j] = dp[i][j] + dp[i - 1][j - (1 << k)]`.

Finally, return `dp[40][(1 << n) - 1]`.
