# 1622. Fancy Sequence
## Level
Hard

## Description
Write an API that generates fancy sequences using the `append`, `addAll`, and `multAll` operations.

Implement the `Fancy` class:

* `Fancy()` Initializes the object with an empty sequence.
* `void append(val)` Appends an integer `val` to the end of the sequence.
* `void addAll(inc)` Increments all existing values in the sequence by an integer `inc`.
* `void multAll(m)` Multiplies all existing values in the sequence by an integer `m`.
* `int getIndex(idx)` Gets the current value at index `idx` (0-indexed) of the sequence **modulo** `10^9 + 7`. If the index is greater or equal than the length of the sequence, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input
["Fancy", "append", "addAll", "append", "multAll", "getIndex", "addAll", "append", "multAll", "getIndex", "getIndex", "getIndex"]
[[], [2], [3], [7], [2], [0], [3], [10], [2], [0], [1], [2]]
Output
[null, null, null, null, null, 10, null, null, null, 26, 34, 20]

Explanation
Fancy fancy = new Fancy();
fancy.append(2);   // fancy sequence: [2]
fancy.addAll(3);   // fancy sequence: [2+3] -> [5]
fancy.append(7);   // fancy sequence: [5, 7]
fancy.multAll(2);  // fancy sequence: [5*2, 7*2] -> [10, 14]
fancy.getIndex(0); // return 10
fancy.addAll(3);   // fancy sequence: [10+3, 14+3] -> [13, 17]
fancy.append(10);  // fancy sequence: [13, 17, 10]
fancy.multAll(2);  // fancy sequence: [13*2, 17*2, 10*2] -> [26, 34, 20]
fancy.getIndex(0); // return 26
fancy.getIndex(1); // return 34
fancy.getIndex(2); // return 20
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= val, inc, m <= 100`
* `0 <= idx <= 10^5`
* At most `10^5` calls total will be made to `append`, `addAll`, `multAll`, and getIndex.

## Solution
If all the numbers are updated for each call to `addAll` and `multAll`, then the time complexity is very high. Therefore, use a list to store the original numbers, and maintain two variables `globalMultiply` and `globalIncrement`. Initially, `globalMultiply = 1` and `globalIncrement = 0`.

For the constructor, initialize the list and the two variables `globalMultiply` and `globalIncrement`.

For method `append`, subtract `globalIncrement` from `val` and divide `val` by `globalMultiply` (which is equivalent to multiply `val` by `globalMultiply^(MODULO-2)` accordig to Fermat's little theorem), and append the final value of `val` to the list.

For method `addAll`, add `inc` to `globalIncrement`.

For method `multAll`, multiply `globalIncrement` and `golbalMultiply` by `m` respectively.

For method `getIndex`, if the given `idx` is greater than or equal to the list's size, return -1. Otherwise, obtain the value at index, multiply the value by `globalMultiply` and add `globalIncrement` to the value, and return the final value.
