# 1208. Get Equal Substrings Within Budget
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two strings `s` and `t` of the same length. You want to change `s` to `t`. Changing the `i`-th character of `s` to `i`-th character of `t` costs `|s[i] - t[i]|` that is, the absolute difference between the ASCII values of the characters.

You are also given an integer `maxCost`.

Return the maximum length of a substring of `s` that can be changed to be the same as the corresponding substring of `t` with a cost less than or equal to `maxCost`.

If there is no substring from `s` that can be changed to its corresponding substring from `t`, return `0`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "abcd", t = "bcdf", maxCost = 3

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** "abc" of s can change to "bcd". That costs 3, so the maximum length is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "abcd", t = "cdef", maxCost = 3

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Each character in s costs 2 to change to charactor in t, so the maximum length is 1.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "abcd", t = "acde", maxCost = 0

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** You can't make any change, so the maximum length is 1.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length, t.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= maxCost <= 10^6`
* `s` and `t` only contain lower case English letters.

## Solution
Create an array `differences` which has length the same as the length of `s` and `t`, where `differences[i]` is the absolute difference between `s.charAt(i)` and `t.charAt(i)`. Then the problem is converted to another form. Find the length of the longest subarray from `differences` such that the sum of all the elements in the subarray is less than or equal to `maxCost`.

Use two pointers `start` and `end`, which point to 0 initially. If `differences[0] <= maxCost`, then the length of the longest subarray is at least 1. Each time append a new element to the subarray by moving `end` forward. If the subarray's sum is greater than `maxCost`, then remove `start` forward to reduce the subarray's length until the subarray's sum is less than or equal to `maxCost`. After this, update the length of the longest subarray. After the whole array is looped over, return the length of the longest subarray.
