# 926. Flip String to Monotone Increasing
## Level
Medium

## Description
A string of `'0'`s and `'1'`s is *monotone increasing* if it consists of some number of `'0'`s (possibly 0), followed by some number of `'1'`s (also possibly 0.)

We are given a string `S` of `'0'`s and `'1'`s, and we may flip any `'0'` to a `'1'` or a `'1'` to a `'0'`.

Return the minimum number of flips to make `S` monotone increasing.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "00110"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** We flip the last digit to get 00111.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "010110"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** We flip to get 011111, or alternatively 000111.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "00011000"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** We flip to get 00000000.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= S.length <= 20000`
2. `S` only consists of `'0'` and `'1'` characters.

## Solution
If `S` has length no more than 1, then `S` is already monotone increasing and no flips are needed, so return 0.

Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` of `S.length()` rows and 2 columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the minimum number of flips to make `S[0..i]` monotone increasing when the character at index `i` is `j`.

For index 0, `dp[0][0]` and `dp[0][1]` should be 0 and 1 respectively. If the first character in `S` is `'0'`, then it is changed to `'1'` using one flip, so `dp[0][0] = 0` and `dp[0][1] = 1`. If the first character in `S` is `'1'`, then it is changed to `'0'` using one flip, so `dp[0][0] = 1` and `dp[0][1] = 0`.

For index `i` such that `0 < i < S.length()`, if the character at index `i` in `S` is `'0'`, then the previous character must be `'0'` to make `S` monotone increasing. If the character at index `i` in `S` is `'1'`, then the previous character can either be `'0'` or be `'1'`. So set `dp[i][0] = dp[i - 1][0]` and `dp[i][1] = Math.min(dp[i - 1][0], dp[i - 1][1])`. Then consider the character at index `i` in `S` before the flip. If the character is `'0'`, then it is changed to `'1'` using one flip, so increase `dp[i][1]` by 1. If the character is `'1'`, then it is changed to `'0'` using one flip, so increase `dp[i][0]` by 1.

Finally, return the minimum of `dp[S.length() - 1][0]` and `dp[S.length() - 1][1]`.
