# 487. Max Consecutive Ones II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary array, find the maximum number of consecutive 1s in this array if you can flip at most one 0.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,0,1,1,0]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Flip the first zero will get the the maximum number of consecutive 1s. After flipping, the maximum number of consecutive 1s is 4.

**Note:**

* The input array will only contain `0` and `1`.
* The length of input array is a positive integer and will not exceed 10,000

**Follow up:**

What if the input numbers come in one by one as an **infinite stream**? In other words, you can't store all numbers coming from the stream as it's too large to hold in memory. Could you solve it efficiently?

## Solution
Loop over the array and store the number of consecutive ones and zeros respectively, which means the length of each subarray that contains only ones or only zeros. If no flipping is done, then the length of the longest subarray of ones is the result. Now that at most one 0 can be flipped, so for each subarray of zeros, check its two adjacent subarrays of ones. If the current subarray of zeros has length 1, then the two subarrays of ones can be concatenated by flipping the zero to one, and the length of the new subarray of ones equals the sum of the lengths of the two previous subarrays of ones plus 1. If the current subarray of zeros has length greater than 1, then either subarray of ones can have length increased by 1. After a new subarray of ones is created, update the max consecutive ones. Finally, return the max consecutive ones.
