# 1888. Minimum Number of Flips to Make the Binary String Alternating
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a binary string `s`. You are allowed to perform two types of operations on the string in any sequence:

* **Type-1: Remove** the character at the start of the string `s` and **append** it to the end of the string.
* **Type-2: Pick** any character in `s` and **flip** its value, i.e., if its value is `'0'` it becomes `'1'` and vice-versa.

Return *the **minimum** number of **type-2** operations you need to perform such that `s` becomes **alternating***.

The string is called **alternating** if no two adjacent characters are equal.

* For example, the strings `"010"` and `"1010"` are alternating, while the string `"0100"` is not.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "111000"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Use the first operation two times to make s = "100011".

Then, use the second operation on the third and sixth elements to make s = "101010".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "010"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** The string is already alternating.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "1110"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Use the second operation on the second element to make s = "1010".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `s[i]` is either `'0'` or `'1'`.

## Solution
If only type-2 operations are performed, since the alternating string can either start with 0 or 1, the minimum number of flips can be calculated for the two cases. Use `count0` and `count1` to represent the minimum number of flips if the alternating string starts with 0 and with 1, respectively.

If the length of `s` is even, then any type-1 operation will not reduce the number of type-2 operations, so return the minimum of `count0` and `count1`.

If the length of `s` is odd, then type-1 operations may reduce the number of type-2 operations. For `0 < i < s.length()`, we may remove the first `i` characters at the start of `s` and append them to the end of `s`. Before performing type-1 operations, for each `0 < i < s.length()`, calculate the minimum number of type-2 operations if `s[i - 1] = s[i] = '0'` and `s[i - 1] = s[i] = '1'` respectively. To do this in `O(n)` time, loop over `s` forward and backward, and for each `0 <= i < s.length()`, calculate the minimum number of type-2 operations needed for both `s[i] = 0` and `s[i] = 1` in both directions. After the values are calculated, the minimum number of type-2 operations can be calculated.
