# 1359. Count All Valid Pickup and Delivery Options
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given `n` orders, each order consist in pickup and delivery services. 

Count all valid pickup/delivery possible sequences such that delivery(i) is always after of pickup(i). 

Since the answer may be too large, return it modulo 10^9 + 7.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 1

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Unique order (P1, D1), Delivery 1 always is after of Pickup 1.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 2

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** All possible orders: (P1,P2,D1,D2), (P1,P2,D2,D1), (P1,D1,P2,D2), (P2,P1,D1,D2), (P2,P1,D2,D1) and (P2,D2,P1,D1).

This is an invalid order (P1,D2,P2,D1) because Pickup 2 is after of Delivery 2.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 3

**Output:** 90

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 500`

## Solution
If `n == 1`, the answer is 1 since there is only one valid pickup/delivery possible sequence (P1, D1).

Let `f(n)` be the number of valid pickup/delivery possible sequences when given `n` orders. Then `f(1) = 1`.

Consider the recurrence relation between `f(n)` and `f(n + 1)`. If `n == 2`, then P2 and D2 should be inserted at proper positions of sequence (P1, D1). If P2 is inserted before P1, then D2 can be inserted between P2 and P1, between P1 and D1, or after D1, which are 3 valid pickup/delivery possible sequences. If P2 is inserted between P1 and D1, then there are 2 valid pickup/delivery possible sequences. If P2 is inserted after D1, then there is 1 valid pickup/delivery possible sequences. So `f(2) = 3 + 2 + 1 = 6`. For a representation in a more general form, `f(2) = f(1) * (2 * 2 * (2 * 2 - 1) / 2)`. The recurrence relation is that for `n > 1`, `f(n) = f(n - 1) * (n * 2 * (n * 2 - 1) / 2)`. Do modulo operation after each step of calculation. Finally, return the value of `f(n)` where `n` is the input parameter.
