# 1989. Maximum Number of People That Can Be Caught in Tag
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are playing a game of tag with your friends. In tag, people are divided into two teams: people who are "it", and people who are not "it". The people who are "it" want to catch as many people as possible who are not "it".

You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `team` containing only zeros (denoting people who are not "it") and ones (denoting people who are "it"), and an integer `dist`. A person who is "it" at index `i` can catch any one person whose index is in the range `[i - dist, i + dist]` (**inclusive**) and is **not** "it".

Return *the **maximum** number of people that the people who are "it" can catch*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** team = [0,1,0,1,0], dist = 3

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

The person who is "it" at index 1 can catch people in the range [i-dist, i+dist] = [1-3, 1+3] = [-2, 4].

They can catch the person who is not "it" at index 2.

The person who is "it" at index 3 can catch people in the range [i-dist, i+dist] = [3-3, 3+3] = [0, 6].

They can catch the person who is not "it" at index 0.

The person who is not "it" at index 4 will not be caught because the people at indices 1 and 3 are already catching one person.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** team = [1], dist = 1

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:**

There are no people who are not "it" to catch.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** team = [0], dist = 1

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:**

There are no people who are "it" to catch people.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= team.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= team[i] <= 1`
* `1 <= dist <= team.length`

## Solution
Use a greedy approach. For each element 1, find the leftmost element 0 that is within distance `dist` of the element 1, and the element 0 is caught by the 1. Once an element 0 is caught by an element 1, it can no longer be caught again, so move on to the next element 0. If an element 1 cannot catch any element 0, then move on to the next element 1. Finally, return the number of elements 1 that can catch at least one element 0 each, which is the maximum number of people that can be caught in tag.
