# 1283. Find the Smallest Divisor Given a Threshold
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array of integers `nums` and an integer `threshold`, we will choose a positive integer divisor and divide all the array by it and sum the result of the division. Find the **smallest** divisor such that the result mentioned above is less than or equal to `threshold`.

Each result of division is rounded to the nearest integer greater than or equal to that element. (For example: 7/3 = 3 and 10/2 = 5).

It is guaranteed that there will be an answer.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,5,9], threshold = 6

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** We can get a sum to 17 (1+2+5+9) if the divisor is 1.
If the divisor is 4 we can get a sum to 7 (1+1+2+3) and if the divisor is 5 the sum will be 5 (1+1+1+2).

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [2,3,5,7,11], threshold = 11

**Output:** 3

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [19], threshold = 5

**Output:** 4

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 5 * 10^4`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^6`
* `nums.length <= threshold <= 10^6`

## Solution
First, calculate the sum of all the numbers in the array. Use data type `long` to avoid overflow.

Next, use binary search to find the smallest divisor. Initially, let `low` be 1 and `high` be the sum of all the numbers in the array. The loop condition is `low < high`. Each time, set `mid` as the average of `low` and `high` and use `mid` as the divisor. If the sum of quotients is greater than the threshold, then obviously the divisor is too small, so let `low = mid + 1`. If the sum of quotients is less than or equal to the threshold, then the divisor is greater than or equal to the smallest divisor, so let `high = mid`. The loop ends when `low == high`. Since it is guaranteed that there will be an answer, the value of `low` and `high` when the loop ends is the required answer.
