# 1525. Number of Good Ways to Split a String
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string `s`, a split is called *good* if you can split `s` into 2 non-empty strings `p` and `q` where its concatenation is equal to `s` and the number of distinct letters in `p` and `q` are the same.

Return the number of *good* splits you can make in `s`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "aacaba"

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** There are 5 ways to split "aacaba" and 2 of them are good.

("a", "acaba") Left string and right string contains 1 and 3 different letters respectively.

("aa", "caba") Left string and right string contains 1 and 3 different letters respectively.

("aac", "aba") Left string and right string contains 2 and 2 different letters respectively (good split).

("aaca", "ba") Left string and right string contains 2 and 2 different letters respectively (good split).

("aacab", "a") Left string and right string contains 3 and 1 different letters respectively.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "abcd"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Split the string as follows ("ab", "cd").

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "aaaaa"

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** All possible splits are good.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "acbadbaada"

**Output:** 2

**Constraints:**

* `s` contains only lowercase English letters.
* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`

## Solution
Use two maps `map1` and `map2` to store the letters' counts in `p` and `q`, respectively. Initially, `p` is empty and `q` equals `s`, so `map1` is empty and `map2` contains the counts of the letters in `s`.

Each time remove one letter from `q` and add it into `p`, and update the two maps. If a letter no longer exists in `map2`, then remove the entry. If the two maps have the same number of entries, then `p` and `q` have the same number of distinct letters, and the current split is a good split, so add the counter by 1. If `map1` has more entries than `map2`, then no more splits can be good, so break the loop.

Finally, return the counter.
