# 379. Design Phone Directory
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design a Phone Directory which supports the following operations:

1. `get`: Provide a number which is not assigned to anyone.
2. `check`: Check if a number is available or not.
3. `release`: Recycle or release a number.

**Example:**
```
// Init a phone directory containing a total of 3 numbers: 0, 1, and 2.
PhoneDirectory directory = new PhoneDirectory(3);

// It can return any available phone number. Here we assume it returns 0.
directory.get();

// Assume it returns 1.
directory.get();

// The number 2 is available, so return true.
directory.check(2);

// It returns 2, the only number that is left.
directory.get();

// The number 2 is no longer available, so return false.
directory.check(2);

// Release number 2 back to the pool.
directory.release(2);

// Number 2 is available again, return true.
directory.check(2);
```

## Solution
A Phone Directory can be designed using an array and a queue. The array stores whether a number is available. The queue stores the numbers that are not assigned to anyone.

In the constructor, initialize the array and the queue. Initially, all elements in the array are `true`, and all numbers from `0` to `maxNumbers - 1` are offered to the queue.

For operation `get`, check whether the queue is empty or not. If the queue is empty, then there is no available number, so return -1. If the queue is not empty, then poll a number from the queue, set the state of the polled number in the array to `false`, and return the number.

For operation `check`, simply check the array to see whether the number is available or not. If the number is out of bound (less than 0 or greater than or equal to `maxNumbers`), then return `false` directly.

For operation `release`, there is a trick that should pay attention to. It is possible to release a number that is already available, so if the number is already available, do not do any operation. Only if the number is used, it should be released. Offer the number to the queue and set the state of the number in the array to `true`.
