# 995. Minimum Number of K Consecutive Bit Flips
## Level
Hard

## Description
In an array `A` containing only 0s and 1s, a *`K`-bit flip* consists of choosing a (contiguous) subarray of length `K` and simultaneously changing every 0 in the subarray to 1, and every 1 in the subarray to 0.

Return the minimum number of K-bit flips required so that there is no 0 in the array. If it is not possible, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [0,1,0], K = 1

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Flip A[0], then flip A[2].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = [1,1,0], K = 2

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** No matter how we flip subarrays of size 2, we can't make the array become [1,1,1].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** A = [0,0,0,1,0,1,1,0], K = 3

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

Flip A[0],A[1],A[2]: A becomes [1,1,1,1,0,1,1,0]

Flip A[4],A[5],A[6]: A becomes [1,1,1,1,1,0,0,0]

Flip A[5],A[6],A[7]: A becomes [1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1]

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length <= 30000`
2. `1 <= K <= A.length`

## Solution
One straightforward solution is to directly simulate the whole process of flipping. If `A[0]` is 0, then it must be flipped to 1, so flip the subarray from `A[0]` to `A[K - 1]`. After flipping `A[0]` if necessary, check `A[1]`, and if `A[1]` is 0, it must be flipped to 1, so flip the subarray from `A[1]` to `A[K]`. Repeat the process such that for each index `i` from 1 to `A.length - K`, if `A[i]` is 0, then flip the subarray `A[i]` to `A[i + K - 1]`. After flipping, if there is at least one element in `A` that is 0, return -1. Otherwise, return the number of flips.

The solution above is not efficient when `K` is quite large. A better solution is to use sliding window. Use a queue to store tne indices in a sliding window of size `K`, that is, the difference between the maximum element and the minimum element in the queue is always less than `K`. For `i` from 0 to `A.length - 1`, if the queue's first element equals `i - K`, then poll the first element from the queue. Then check whether the subarray that starts from index `i` and has length `K` needs to be flipped. This is determined by the number of elements in the queue and the value `A[i]`. If there are even number of elements in the queue and `A[i]` is 0, or there are odd number of elements in the queue and `A[i]` is 1, then the flip must be done at index `i`. If the flip must be done and `i + K > A.length`, then the flip is impossible, so return -1. If the flip must be done and `i + K <= A.length`, then increase the number of flips by 1 and offer `i` to the queue. Finally, return the number of flips.
