# 1249. Minimum Remove to Make Valid Parentheses
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string s of `'('`, `')'` and lowercase English characters. 

Your task is to remove the minimum number of parentheses (`'('` or `')'`, in any positions) so that the resulting parentheses string is valid and return **any** valid string.

Formally, a *parentheses string* is valid if and only if:

* It is the empty string, contains only lowercase characters, or
* It can be written as `AB` (`A` concatenated with `B`), where `A` and `B` are valid strings, or
* It can be written as `(A)`, where `A` is a valid string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "lee(t(c)o)de)"

**Output:** "lee(t(c)o)de"

**Explanation:** "lee(t(co)de)" , "lee(t(c)ode)" would also be accepted.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "a)b(c)d"

**Output:** "ab(c)d"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "))(("

**Output:** ""

**Explanation:** An empty string is also valid.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "(a(b(c)d)"

**Output:** "a(b(c)d)"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `s[i]` is one of `'('`, `')'` and lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use a stack to store the indices and use a string buffer to store the remaining characters after removing invalid parentheses.

Loop over `s` from left to right. If a letter is met, append it to the string buffer. If a `'('` is met, append it to the string buffer and check the number of invalid `')'`s that have been removed, and add the index of `'('` minus the number of invalid `')'`s that have been removed to the stack. If a `')'` is met, check whether the stack is empty. If the stack is not empty, append it to the string buffer and pop one element from the stack. Otherwise, the `')'` is invalid and should be deleted, so increase the number of invalid `')'`s by 1.

For example, suppose `s` is `"))(("`, which contains 2 invalid `')'`s. When the first `'('` is met, the index is 2, so push 2-2=0 into the stack.

After `s` is looped over, check whether the stack is empty. If the stack is not empty, then there are invalid `'('`s, so pop all the elements from the stack, which are indices of invalid `'('`s, and delete the characters at the indices in the string buffer.

Finally, convert the string buffer into a string and return.
