# 678. Valid Parenthesis String
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string containing only three types of characters: '(', ')' and '*', write a function to check whether this string is valid. We define the validity of a string by these rules:

1. Any left parenthesis `'('` must have a corresponding right parenthesis `')'`.
2. Any right parenthesis `')'` must have a corresponding left parenthesis `'('`.
3. Left parenthesis `'('` must go before the corresponding right parenthesis `')'`.
4. `'*'` could be treated as a single right parenthesis `')'` or a single left parenthesis `'('` or an empty string.
5. An empty string is also valid.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "()"

**Output:** True

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "(*)"

**Output:* True

**Example 3:

**Input:** "(*))"

**Output:** True

**Note:**
1. The string size will be in the range [1, 100].

## Solution
Although asterisks are included in the string, the left parentheses and the right parentheses still should match.

Use a stack to store the indices where the character is a left parenthesis, and use a queue to store the indices where the character is an asterisk. If a right parenthesis is met, pop the stack if the stack is empty so that the last index where the character is a left parenthesis is popped, or poll the queue if the queue is not empty so that an asterisk is treated as a single left parenthesis, or return `false` if both the stack and the queue are empty, which means the string can't be valid.

After looping over the string, all left parentheses and right parentheses are matched, and there are only remaining left parentheses and asterisks. Now both the stack and the queue should be looped from the smallest index to the largest index, so use another stack to reverse the order of indices of the left parentheses. Each time, poll an index where the character is an asterisk. If the top of the stack which is the smallest index where the character is a left parenthesis is less than the asterisk index, then pop the stack, which means the asterisk is treated as a single right parenthesis and matches a left parenthesis.

Finally, return true if and only if the stack is empty, which means all left parentheses are matched. It doesn't matter whether there are asterisks remaining since asterisks can be treated as empty strings.
