# 474. Ones and Zeroes
## Level
Medium

## Description
In the computer world, use restricted resource you have to generate maximum benefit is what we always want to pursue.

For now, suppose you are a dominator of **m** `0s` and **n** `1s` respectively. On the other hand, there is an array with strings consisting of only `0s` and `1s`.

Now your task is to find the maximum number of strings that you can form with given **m** `0s` and **n** `1s`. Each `0` and `1` can be used at most **once**.

**Note:**

1. The given numbers of `0s` and `1s` will both not exceed `100`.
2. The size of given string array won't exceed `600`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** Array = {"10", "0001", "111001", "1", "0"}, m = 5, n = 3

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** This are totally 4 strings can be formed by the using of 5 0s and 3 1s, which are "10","0001","1","0".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** Array = {"10", "0", "1"}, m = 1, n = 1

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** You could form "10", but then you'd have nothing left. Better form "0" and "1".

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create a 3D array `dp` that has size `(strs.length + 1) * (m + 1) * (n + 1)`, where `dp[i][j][k]` represents when considering up to the first `i` strings from `str`, the maximum number of strings that can be formed with `j` 0's and `k` 1's.

Initialize `dp[0][j][k] = 0` for all `0 <= j <= m` and `0 <= k <= n`. For `i > 0` and all possible values of `j` and `k`, update `dp[i][j][k]` as the maximum of `dp[i - 1][j][k]` and `dp[i - 1][j - zeros][k - ones]`, where `zeros` and `ones` represent the number of 0's and 1's  in the current string. Obviously, if `j < zeros` or `k < ones`, then `dp[i][j][k]` must be `dp[i - 1][j][k]`.

Finally, return `dp[strs.length][m][n]`.
