# 145. Binary Tree Postorder Traversal
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a binary tree, return the *postorder* traversal of its nodes' values.

**Example:**
```
Input: [1,null,2,3]
   1
    \
     2
    /
   3

Output: [3,2,1]
```
**Follow up:** Recursive solution is trivial, could you do it iteratively?

## Solution
Even if using iteration, this problem can be solved using some tricks. Consider the order of nodes to be visited by using preorder traversal and postorder traversal. When using preorder traversal, the order is root, left subtree and right subtree. When using postorder traversal, the order is left subtree, right subtree and root. If the order of postorder traversal is reversed, then it is exactly the same as preorder traversal but visiting the right subtree first instead of visiting the left subtree. Therefore, one solution is to perform preorder traversal where the right subtree is visited first, and then reverse the order that the nodes are visited.

Although the solution using tricks does work, there is another solution that also uses iteration.

A stack needs to be used. The order of nodes to be visited is left subtree, right subtree and root. 

First, find the leftmost node, and push all the nodes on the path into the stack. Next, check the node's right child and move to the right child if the right child is not `null` and has not been visited, or add the node's value to the list.

To check whether the right child has been visited, use a variable `prev` to store the node that has been visited previously.
