# 1936. Add Minimum Number of Rungs
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a **strictly increasing** integer array `rungs` that represents the **height** of rungs on a ladder. You are currently on the **floor** at height `0`, and you want to reach the last rung.

You are also given an integer `dist`. You can only climb to the next highest rung if the distance between where you are currently at (the floor or on a rung) and the next rung is **at most** `dist`. You are able to insert rungs at any positive **integer** height if a rung is not already there.

Return *the **minimum** number of rungs that must be added to the ladder in order for you to climb to the last rung*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** rungs = [1,3,5,10], dist = 2

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

You currently cannot reach the last rung.

Add rungs at heights 7 and 8 to climb this ladder.

The ladder will now have rungs at [1,3,5,7,8,10].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** rungs = [3,6,8,10], dist = 3

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:**

This ladder can be climbed without adding additional rungs.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** rungs = [3,4,6,7], dist = 2

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

You currently cannot reach the first rung from the ground.

Add a rung at height 1 to climb this ladder.

The ladder will now have rungs at [1,3,4,6,7].

**Example 4:**

**Input:** rungs = [5], dist = 10

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:**

This ladder can be climbed without adding additional rungs.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= rungs.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= rungs[i] <= 10^9`
* `1 <= dist <= 10^9`
* `rungs` is strictly increasing.

## Solution
The initial height is 0, which is the floor. Since `rungs` is strictly increasing, any two adjacent heights must be different. Each time calculate `difference` between two adjacent heights, and the minimum number of rungs needed between the two adjacent heights is `(difference - 1) / dist`. Finally, return the minimum total number of rungs needed.
