# 741. Cherry Pickup
## Level
Hard

## Description
In a N x N `grid` representing a field of cherries, each cell is one of three possible integers.

* 0 means the cell is empty, so you can pass through;
* 1 means the cell contains a cherry, that you can pick up and pass through;
* -1 means the cell contains a thorn that blocks your way.

Your task is to collect maximum number of cherries possible by following the rules below:

* Starting at the position (0, 0) and reaching (N-1, N-1) by moving right or down through valid path cells (cells with value 0 or 1);
* After reaching (N-1, N-1), returning to (0, 0) by moving left or up through valid path cells;
* When passing through a path cell containing a cherry, you pick it up and the cell becomes an empty cell (0);
* If there is no valid path between (0, 0) and (N-1, N-1), then no cherries can be collected.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: grid =
[[0, 1, -1],
 [1, 0, -1],
 [1, 1,  1]]
Output: 5
Explanation: 
The player started at (0, 0) and went down, down, right right to reach (2, 2).
4 cherries were picked up during this single trip, and the matrix becomes [[0,1,-1],[0,0,-1],[0,0,0]].
Then, the player went left, up, up, left to return home, picking up one more cherry.
The total number of cherries picked up is 5, and this is the maximum possible.
```

**Note:**

* `grid` is an `N` by `N` 2D array, with `1 <= N <= 50`.
* Each `grid[i][j]` is an integer in the set `{-1, 0, 1}`.
* It is guaranteed that `grid[0][0]` and `grid[N-1][N-1]` are not -1.

## Solution
This problem is equivalent to finding two paths from position (0, 0) to position (N-1, N-1). If a cell that contains a cherry is in both paths, then the cherry in the cell can only be collected once.

Use dynamic programming. Suppose two paths are simultaneous. At the same time, suppose the cell in the first path is (i, j) and the cell in the second path is (k, m), then there is i + j == k + m, where i, j, k and m are all greater than and equal to 0 and less than N. Therefore, maintain a 3D array `dp` with size N x N x N, where all the values are -1 initially. Set `dp[0][0][0] = grid[0][0]`. Then for each tuple (i, j, k), calculate m = i + j - k. If k <= i + j and 0 <= m < N, and both `grid[i][j]` and `grid[k][m]` are greater than or equal to 0, consider all four possible cases to reach the current state (either path can be moving right or moving down in the last move), calculate the maximum value of total cherries that can be picked up, and assign the value to `dp[i][j][k]` if it is not negative.

Finally, obtain the value `dp[N - 1][N - 1][N - 1]`. If the value is negative, return 0. Otherwise, return the value.
