# 875. Koko Eating Bananas
## Level
Medium

## Description
Koko loves to eat bananas. There are `N` piles of bananas, the `i`-th pile has `piles[i]` bananas. The guards have gone and will come back in `H` hours.

Koko can decide her bananas-per-hour eating speed of `K`. Each hour, she chooses some pile of bananas, and eats K bananas from that pile. If the pile has less than `K` bananas, she eats all of them instead, and won't eat any more bananas during this hour.

Koko likes to eat slowly, but still wants to finish eating all the bananas before the guards come back.

Return the minimum integer `K` such that she can eat all the bananas within `H` hours.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** piles = [3,6,7,11], H = 8

**Output:** 4

**Example 2:**

**Input:** piles = [30,11,23,4,20], H = 5

**Output:** 30

**Example 3:**

**Input:** piles = [30,11,23,4,20], H = 6

**Output:** 23

**Note:**

* `1 <= piles.length <= 10^4`
* `piles.length <= H <= 10^9`
* `1 <= piles[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
Use binary search. Set `low` to be 1 and `high` to be the sum of `piles`. Each time set `speed` to be the average of `low` and `high`, and calculate the time needed for Koko to eat all the bananas using speed `speed`.

To calculate the time needed for Koko to eat all the bananas using speed `speed`, for each `pile` in `piles`, the time needed is `(int) Math.ceil(1.0 * pile / speed)`, which means the smallest possible integer greater than or equal to the result of `pile / speed`. Sum up the time needed for each `pile` to get the total time.

If the time needed is greater than `H`, then obviously `speed` is too small, so set `low = speed + 1`. Otherwise, `speed` may be the minimum required value or can be reduced, so set `high = speed`.

The condition of binary search is `low < high`. When the condition no longer holds, return `low`.
