# 306. Additive Number
## Level
Medium

## Description
Additive number is a string whose digits can form additive sequence.

A valid additive sequence should contain **at least** three numbers. Except for the first two numbers, each subsequent number in the sequence must be the sum of the preceding two.

Given a string containing only digits `'0'-'9'`, write a function to determine if it's an additive number.

**Note:** Numbers in the additive sequence **cannot** have leading zeros, so sequence `1, 2, 03` or `1, 02, 3` is invalid.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "112358"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The digits can form an additive sequence: 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8.

1 + 1 = 2, 1 + 2 = 3, 2 + 3 = 5, 3 + 5 = 8

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "199100199"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The additive sequence is: 1, 99, 100, 199.

1 + 99 = 100, 99 + 100 = 199

**Constraints:**

* `num` consists only of digits `'0'-'9'`.
* `1 <= num.length <= 35`

**Follow up:**

How would you handle overflow for very large input integers?

## Solution
First check the maximum end index of the first number and the second number. Suppose the string contains only three numbers that form a valid additive sequence, then the third number can't be shorter than either the first number of the second number. Suppose the length of string `num` is `length`, then the maximum end index of the first number is `length / 2 - 1` and the maximum end index of the second number is `length * 2 / 3 - 1`.

For each possible choice of the first number and the second number, try to form an additive sequence starting from the first number and the second number. If one choice can lead to an additive sequence that equals `num`, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
