# 1223. Dice Roll Simulation
## Level
Medium

## Description
A die simulator generates a random number from 1 to 6 for each roll. You introduced a constraint to the generator such that it cannot roll the number `i` more than `rollMax[i]` (1-indexed) **consecutive** times. 

Given an array of integers `rollMax` and an integer `n`, return the number of distinct sequences that can be obtained with exact `n` rolls.

Two sequences are considered different if at least one element differs from each other. Since the answer may be too large, return it modulo `10^9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 2, rollMax = [1,1,2,2,2,3]

**Output:** 34

**Explanation:** There will be 2 rolls of die, if there are no constraints on the die, there are 6 * 6 = 36 possible combinations. In this case, looking at rollMax array, the numbers 1 and 2 appear at most once consecutively, therefore sequences (1,1) and (2,2) cannot occur, so the final answer is 36-2 = 34.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 2, rollMax = [1,1,1,1,1,1]

**Output:** 30

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 3, rollMax = [1,1,1,2,2,3]

**Output:** 181

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 5000`
* `rollMax.length == 6`
* `1 <= rollMax[i] <= 15`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Since tne maximum element in `rollMax` is 15, create a 3D array `dp` of size `n * 6 * 15`, where `dp[i][j][k]` represents the number of distinct sequences with `i + 1` rolls where the last roll is `j + 1` and the number `j + 1` has `k + 1` consecutive times at the end.

Initialize `dp[0][i][0] = 1` for `0 <= i < 6`. For `i` from 1 to `n - 1`, `dp[i][j][0]` is calculated as the sum of `dp[i - 1][k][m]` for all values of `k` and `m` such that `0 <= k < 6` and `0 <= m < 15`, and for `1 <= k < rollMax[j]`, there is `dp[i][j][k] = dp[i - 1][j][k - 1]`.

Finally, calculate the sum of all elements in `dp[n - 1]` and return.
