# 622. Design Circular Queue
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design your implementation of the circular queue. The circular queue is a linear data structure in which the operations are performed based on FIFO (First In First Out) principle and the last position is connected back to the first position to make a circle. It is also called "Ring Buffer".

One of the benefits of the circular queue is that we can make use of the spaces in front of the queue. In a normal queue, once the queue becomes full, we cannot insert the next element even if there is a space in front of the queue. But using the circular queue, we can use the space to store new values.

Your implementation should support following operations:

* `MyCircularQueue(k)`: Constructor, set the size of the queue to be k.
* `Front`: Get the front item from the queue. If the queue is empty, return -1.
* `Rear`: Get the last item from the queue. If the queue is empty, return -1.
* `enQueue(value)`: Insert an element into the circular queue. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `deQueue()`: Delete an element from the circular queue. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `isEmpty()`: Checks whether the circular queue is empty or not.
* `isFull()`: Checks whether the circular queue is full or not.

**Example:**
```
MyCircularQueue circularQueue = new MyCircularQueue(3); // set the size to be 3
circularQueue.enQueue(1);  // return true
circularQueue.enQueue(2);  // return true
circularQueue.enQueue(3);  // return true
circularQueue.enQueue(4);  // return false, the queue is full
circularQueue.Rear();  // return 3
circularQueue.isFull();  // return true
circularQueue.deQueue();  // return true
circularQueue.enQueue(4);  // return true
circularQueue.Rear();  // return 4
```

**Note:**

* All values will be in the range of [0, 1000].
* The number of operations will be in the range of [1, 1000].
* Please do not use the built-in Queue library.

## Solution
Use an array to act as a queue and store the elements. Besides the array that is a data field of the class `MyCircularQueue`, the other data fields include `capacity` which is the capacity of the queue, `start` and `end` which are the indices of the first element and the last element, and `size` which is the number of elements in the queue.

For the constructor, given capacity `k`, initialize the array to be an array of length `k` and filled with -1, set `capacity = k`, and set `start`, `end` and `size` to 0.

For method `enQueue`, return `false` if the queue is full (checked by calling `isFull`). If `size == 0`, then set both `start` to `end` to 0. Otherwise, move `end` one step forward (note that the queue is circular, so if `end` was previously `capacity - 1`, then `end` will become 0 after moving one step forward). Set the element at index `end` in the array to be the given value, increase `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `deQueue`, return `false` if the queue is empty (checked by calling `isEmpty`). Set the element at index `start` to -1, move `start` one step forward (note that the queue is circular, so if `start` was previously `capacity - 1`, then `start` will become 0 after moving one step forward), decrease `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `Front`, return the element at index `start`.

For method `Rear`, return the element at index `end`.

For method `isEmpty`, return `true` if and only if `size == 0`.

For method `isFull`, return `true` if and only if `size == capacity`.
