# 1713. Minimum Operations to Make a Subsequence
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an array `target` that consists of **distinct** integers and another integer array `arr` that **can** have duplicates.

In one operation, you can insert any integer at any position in `arr`. For example, if `arr = [1,4,1,2]`, you can add `3` in the middle and make it `[1,4,3,1,2]`. Note that you can insert the integer at the very beginning or end of the array.

Return *the **minimum** number of operations needed to make `target` a **subsequence** of arr*.

A **subsequence** of an array is a new array generated from the original array by deleting some elements (possibly none) without changing the remaining elements' relative order. For example, `[2,7,4]` is a subsequence of `[4,2,3,7,2,1,4]`, while `[2,4,2]` is not.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** target = [5,1,3], arr = [9,4,2,3,4]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** You can add 5 and 1 in such a way that makes arr = [5,9,4,1,2,3,4], then target will be a subsequence of arr.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** target = [6,4,8,1,3,2], arr = [4,7,6,2,3,8,6,1]

**Output:** 3

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= target.length, arr.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= target[i], arr[i] <= 10^9`
* `target` contains no duplicates.

## Solution
The idea is quite straightforward. Find the length of the longest common subsequence of `target` and `arr`, and calculate the difference between the length of `target` and the length of the longest common subsequence. However, an approach of O(n^2) will cause time limit exceeded.

Use a map to store the elements and the corresponding indices in `target`. Then loop over `arr` and use a list to store indices. If an element in `arr` is in `target` (which means the element is a key in the map), then add the element's index in `target` to the list. This problem is converted to finding the length of the longest increasing subsequence of `list`. Use binary search to find the length of the longest increasing subsequence, which is the length of the longest common subsequence of `target` and `arr`. Then the minimum operations can be calculated.
