# 1177. Can Make Palindrome from Substring
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s`, we make queries on substrings of `s`.

For each query `queries[i] = [left, right, k]`, we may **rearrange** the substring `s[left], ..., s[right]`, and then choose **up to** `k` of them to replace with any lowercase English letter. 

If the substring is possible to be a palindrome string after the operations above, the result of the query is `true`. Otherwise, the result is `false`.

Return an array `answer[]`, where `answer[i]` is the result of the `i`-th query `queries[i]`.

Note that: Each letter is counted **individually** for replacement so if for example `s[left..right] = "aaa"`, and `k = 2`, we can only replace two of the letters. (Also, note that the initial string `s` is never modified by any query.)

**Example:**

**Input:** s = "abcda", queries = [[3,3,0],[1,2,0],[0,3,1],[0,3,2],[0,4,1]]

**Output:** [true,false,false,true,true]

**Explanation:**

queries[0] : substring = "d", is palidrome.

queries[1] : substring = "bc", is not palidrome.

queries[2] : substring = "abcd", is not palidrome after replacing only 1 character.

queries[3] : substring = "abcd", could be changed to "abba" which is palidrome. Also this can be changed to "baab" first rearrange it "bacd" then replace "cd" with "ab".

queries[4] : substring = "abcda", could be changed to "abcba" which is palidrome.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length, queries.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= queries[i][0] <= queries[i][1] < s.length`
* `0 <= queries[i][2] <= s.length`
* `s` only contains lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use a map to store each index and the counts of the letters up to the index. The map contains `s.length()` entries, where each key is an index and each value is an array of length 26.

For each `query` in `queries`, obtain `left = query[0]`, `right = query[1]` and `k = query[2]`. The counts of the letters in the substring can be obtained using keys `left - 1` and `right`, where `left - 1` is only necessary when `left > 0`.

Since the substring can be rearranged, the only thing to consider is the number of letters that have odd counts. For a substring, it is possible to be a palindrome string after the operations if and only if the number of letters that have odd counts divided by 2 (integer division) is less than or equal to `k`.

For each `query` in `queries`, return a `boolean` type result using the logic above, and add the result to the result list. Finally, return the result list.
