# 1500. Design a File Sharing System
## Level
Medium

## Description
We will use a file-sharing system to share a very large file which consists of `m` small **chunks** with IDs from `1` to `m`.

When users join the system, the system should assign a **unique** ID to them. The unique ID should be used **once** for each user, but when a user leaves the system, the ID can be **reused** again.

Users can request a certain chunk of the file, the system should return a list of IDs of all the users who have this chunk. After that, if at least one other has this chunk, the user who requested the chunk **will get it**.

Implement the `FileSharing` class:

* `FileSharing(int m)` Initializes the object with the number of the chunks of the file m.
* `int join(int[] ownedChunks)`: A new user joined the system owning some chunks of the file, the system should assign an id to the user which is the **smallest positive integer** not taken by any other user. Return the assigned id.
* `void leave(int userID)`: The user with `userID` will leave the system, you cannot take file chunks from them anymore.
* `int[] request(int userID, int chunkID)`: The user with `userID` requested the file chunk with `chunkID`. Return a list of the IDs of all users that own this chunk sorted in ascending order.

**Follow-ups:**

* What happens if the system identifies the user by their IP address instead of their unique ID and users disconnect and connect from the system with the same IP?
* If the users in the system join and leave the system frequently without requesting any chunks, will your solution still be efficient?
* If all each user join the system one time, request all files and then leave, will your solution still be efficient?
* If the system will be used to share `n` files where the `ith` file consists of `m[i]`, what are the changes you have to do?

**Example:**
```
Input:
["FileSharing","join","join","join","request","request","leave","request","leave","join"]
[[4],[[1,2]],[[2,3]],[[4]],[1,3],[2,2],[1],[2,1],[2],[[]]]
Output:
[null,1,2,3,[2],[1,2],null,[],null,1]
Explanation:
FileSharing fileSharing = new FileSharing(4); // We use the system to share a file of 4 chunks.
fileSharing.join([1, 2]);    // A user who has chunks [1,2] joined the system, assign id = 1 to them and return 1.
fileSharing.join([2, 3]);    // A user who has chunks [2,3] joined the system, assign id = 2 to them and return 2.
fileSharing.join([4]);       // A user who has chunk [4] joined the system, assign id = 3 to them and return 3.
fileSharing.request(1, 3);   // The user with id = 1 requested the third file chunk, as only the user with id = 2 has the file, return [2] . Notice that user 1 now has chunks [1,2,3].
fileSharing.request(2, 2);   // The user with id = 2 requested the second file chunk, users with ids [1,2] have this chunk, thus we return [1,2]. We don't care if the user has the file and request it, we just return all the users that can give them the file.
fileSharing.leave(1);        // The user with id = 1 left the system, all the file chunks with them are no longer available for other users.
fileSharing.request(2, 1);   // The user with id = 2 requested the first file chunk, no one in the system has this chunk, we return empty list [].
fileSharing.leave(2);        // The user with id = 2 left the system, all the file chunks with them are no longer available for other users.
fileSharing.join([]);        // A user who doesn't have any chunks joined the system, assign id = 1 to them and return 1. Notice that ids 1 and 2 are free and we can reuse them.
```

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= m <= 10^5`
* `0 <= ownedChunks.length <= min(100, m)`
** `1 <= ownedChunks[i] <= m`
* Values of `ownedChunks` are unique.
* `1 <= chunkID <= m`
* `userID` is guaranteed to be a user in the system if you **assign** the IDs **correctly**.
* At most `10^4` calls will be made to `join`, `leave` and `request`.
* Each call to `leave` will have a matching call for `join`.

## Solution
Use two maps to store each chunk and the users that own the chunk, and each user and the chunks owned by the user. Use a priority queue to store the IDs of the left users. Also maintain a max user ID.

For the constructor, initialize the two maps, the priority queue and set the max user ID to 0.

For method `join`, if the priority queue is empty, then increase the max user ID by 1 and assign the max user ID to the current user ID. Otherwise, poll the smallest element from the priority queue and assign it to the current user ID. Since the chunks are owned by the current user, update both maps. Finally, return the current user ID.

For method `leave`, if the user to chunks map contains the user ID as the key, update the chunk to users map to remove the user from the chunks, and remove the user ID from the user to chunks map. Finally, add the user ID to the priority queue.

For method `request`, first check whether the two maps contain the user ID and the chunk ID as a key respectively. If this is not the case, return an empty list. Otherwise, add the users that own the chunk into the result list, and update both maps. Finally, return the result list.
