# 234. Palindrome Linked List
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a singly linked list, determine if it is a palindrome.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 1->2

**Output:** false

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 1->2->2->1

**Output:** true

**Follow up:**

Could you do it in O(n) time and O(1) space?

## Solution
If the list contains 0 or 1 node, then it is a palindrome, so return `true`.

Find the middle node and reverse half of the list. Use two pointers `prev` and `curr` to find the middle node, and use a pointer `fast` to find the end of the node and determine whether the length of the list is even or odd.

Initially, `prev` points to `null`, `curr` points to `head`, and `fast` points to `head.next`, which is the second node in the list. Each time, both `prev` and `curr` move forward by one step, the nodes before `prev` are reversed, and `fast `moves forward by two steps. If `fast` reaches the end of the list, then `fast.next` is `null`, the number of nodes is even, and both `prev` and `curr` point to the two middle nodes. If there is one node after `fast`, then `fast.next.next` is `null`, the number of nodes is odd, and `curr` points to the middle node. In the case that `curr` points to the middle node, move `curr` forward by one step, and `prev` and `curr` have the same distance from the middle node.

After `prev` and `curr` reach the midpoint and half of the list is reversed, each time check the values of `prev` and `curr` and move both pointers one step to the end. If at one point, `curr.val != prev.val`, return `false`. If all nodes are checked and the values are the same, return `true`.

