# 1358. Number of Substrings Containing All Three Characters
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s` consisting only of characters *a*, *b* and *c*.

Return the number of substrings containing **at least** one occurrence of all these characters *a*, *b* and *c*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "abcabc"

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** The substrings containing at least one occurrence of the characters a, b and c are "abc", "abca", "abcab", "abcabc", "bca", "bcab", "bcabc", "cab", "cabc" and "abc" (again). 

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "aaacb"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The substrings containing at least one occurrence of the characters a, b and c are "aaacb", "aacb" and "acb". 

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "abc"

**Output:** 1

**Constraints:**

* `3 <= s.length <= 5 x 10^4`
* `s` only consists of *a*, *b* or *c* characters.

## Solution
The basic idea is to count the number of occurrences of each character in `s`. Since `s` only consists of characters a, b or c, the number of occurrences can be stored using an array of length 3.

Maintain the number of different characters in the current substring. Initialize two pointers `start` and `end` which are both initially 0. While `end < length`, obtain the character at index `end` in `s`, and increase the count of the character by 1. If the count of the character is increased from 0 to 1, then increase the number of different characters by 1. If the number of different characters equals 3, then the substring from `start` to `end` (both inclusive) is the shortest substring that starts from index `start` and contains at least one occurrence of all characters a, b and c, and all the substrings that start from index `start` and ends at index `end + j` such that `j > 0` and `end + j < s.length()` also contain at least one occurrence of all characters a, b and c, so add `s.length() - end` to the number of substrings. Then decrease the count of the character at index `start` by 1 and increase `start` by 1. If the count of the character is decreased from 1 to 0, then decrease the number of different characters by 1. If the number of different characters still equals 3, then add `s.length() - end` to the number of substrings. After the steps, increase `end` by 1.

Finally, return the number of substrings.
