# 1338. Reduce Array Size to The Half
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `arr`. You can choose a set of integers and remove all the occurrences of these integers in the array.

Return *the minimum size of the set* so that **at least** half of the integers of the array are removed.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [3,3,3,3,5,5,5,2,2,7]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Choosing {3,7} will make the new array [5,5,5,2,2] which has size 5 (i.e equal to half of the size of the old array).

Possible sets of size 2 are {3,5},{3,2},{5,2}.

Choosing set {2,7} is not possible as it will make the new array [3,3,3,3,5,5,5] which has size greater than half of the size of the old array.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [7,7,7,7,7,7]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The only possible set you can choose is {7}. This will make the new array empty.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr = [1,9]

**Output:** 1

**Example 4:**

**Input:** arr = [1000,1000,3,7]

**Output:** 1

**Example 5:**

**Input:** arr = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10]

**Output:** 5

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr.length <= 10^5`
* `arr.length` is even.
* `1 <= arr[i] <= 10^5`

## Solution
To minimize the size of the set of removed numbers, always consider the numbers that occur most in the array.

Use two maps to store the count of each number and to store how many numbers occur for a determined number of times.

Loop over `arr` to store the entries in the first map. Loop over the first map to store the entries in the second map. The second map is a `TreeMap` where the keys are sorted in descending order.

Loop over the second map's entries, where the key is the count of each number and the value is how many numbers occur for the determined number of times (here the number of times is the count). Each time reduce the array's size by the count, until all the numbers that occur for the determined number of times are used. Then go to the next entry. If the array's size is reduced to half or less, then stop the process immediately and return the size of the set of removed numbers.
