# 925. Long Pressed Name
## Level
Easy

## Description
Your friend is typing his `name` into a keyboard.  Sometimes, when typing a character `c`, the key might get *long pressed*, and the character will be typed 1 or more times.

You examine the `typed` characters of the keyboard.  Return `True` if it is possible that it was your friends name, with some characters (possibly none) being long pressed.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** name = "alex", typed = "aaleex"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** 'a' and 'e' in 'alex' were long pressed.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** name = "saeed", typed = "ssaaedd"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** 'e' must have been pressed twice, but it wasn't in the typed output.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** name = "leelee", typed = "lleeelee"

**Output:** true

**Example 4:**

**Input:** name = "laiden", typed = "laiden"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** It's not necessary to long press any character.

**Note:**

1. `name.length <= 1000`
2. `typed.length <= 1000`
3. The characters of `name` and `typed` are lowercase letters.

## Solution
Loop over both `name` and `typed`. If the two characters in the two strings do not match, return `false`. If the two characters in the two strings match, then check whether the current character in `name` is repeated. If so, move to the next position in both strings. Otherwise, check whether the current character is long pressed in `typed`. If so, move to the last character in the long pressed substring. Continue the process until at least one string's end is reached. If both strings' ends are reached, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
