# 41. First Missing Positive
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an unsorted integer array, find the smallest missing positive integer.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,0]

**Output:** 3

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [3,4,-1,1]

**Output:** 2

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [7,8,9,11,12]

**Output:** 1

**Note:**

Your algorithm should run in O(*n*) time and uses constant extra space.

## Solution
To solve the problem in O(*n*) time and using constant extra space, sorting is not a good idea. One solution is to use the indices to indicate the numbers.

First, loop over the array `nums` and check whether 1 is in `nums`. If 1 is not in `nums`, return 1. Otherwise, 1 is in `num`, so the first missing positive integer must be greater than 1.

Secondly, loop over `nums` and check all the numbers. If a number is less than or equal to 0 or greater than `nums.length`, set it to -1. Otherwise, set the number to its opposite number.

Thirdly, loop over `nums`. For each number `num`, it corresponds to `index = Math.abs(num) - 1`, and set `nums[index]` to its absolute value. After this loop, for `index` from 0 to `nums.length - 1`, if `nums[index]` is positive, then `index + 1` exists in the array. Otherwise, `index + 1` does not exist in the array.

Fourthly, loop over `nums` and find the first index that has a negative value, and return the index plus 1 (since indices start from 0 and positive integers start from 1). If all the numbers in `nums` are positive, then all the numbers from 1 to `nums.length` exist in `nums`, so the first missing positive integer is `nums.length + 1`, and return this number.
