# 456. 132 Pattern
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a sequence of n integers a<sub>1</sub>, a<sub>2</sub>, ..., a<sub>n</sub>, a 132 pattern is a subsequence a<sub>**i**</sub>, a<sub>**j**</sub>, a<sub>**k**</sub> such that **i** < **j** < **k** and a<sub>**i**</sub> < a<sub>**k**</sub> < a<sub>**j**</sub>. Design an algorithm that takes a list of n numbers as input and checks whether there is a 132 pattern in the list.

**Note:** n will be less than 15,000.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1, 2, 3, 4]

**Output:** False

**Explanation:** There is no 132 pattern in the sequence.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [3, 1, 4, 2]

**Output:** True

**Explanation:** There is a 132 pattern in the sequence: [1, 4, 2].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [-1, 3, 2, 0]

**Output:** True

**Explanation:** There are three 132 patterns in the sequence: [-1, 3, 2], [-1, 3, 0] and [-1, 2, 0].

## Solution
If the length of array `nums` is less than 3, then there can't be a 132 pattern, so return `false`.

Create an array `minArray` with the same length as `nums`, where `minArray[i]` represents the minimum number in the subarray `nums[0..i]` inclusive. Use a stack that stores numbers from the end of the array. Loop over the array `nums` from right to left. While the stack is not empty and the top element of the stack is less than or equal to the minimum number at the current index (from `minArray`), pop the element from the stack. If there exist an element in the stack that is less than the current number and greater than the minimum number in the left subarray, then there is a 132 pattern, so return `true`. If a 132 pattern is not found, push the current number into the stack.

If no 132 pattern is found after looping over the whole array `nums`, return `false`.


