# 1156. Swap For Longest Repeated Character Substring
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `text`, we are allowed to swap two of the characters in the string. Find the length of the longest substring with repeated characters.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** text = "ababa"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** We can swap the first 'b' with the last 'a', or the last 'b' with the first 'a'. Then, the longest repeated character substring is "aaa", which its length is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** text = "aaabaaa"

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** Swap 'b' with the last 'a' (or the first 'a'), and we get longest repeated character substring "aaaaaa", which its length is 6.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** text = "aaabbaaa"

**Output:** 4

**Example 4:**

**Input:** text = "aaaaa"

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** No need to swap, longest repeated character substring is "aaaaa", length is 5.

**Example 5:**

**Input:** text = "abcdef"

**Output:** 1

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= text.length <= 20000`
* `text` consist of lowercase English characters only.

## Solution
Since `text` consists of lowercase English letters, for each lowercase letter, obtain the intervals in `text`. An interval represents the indices range of a substring which contains repeated letters, where each substring is the longest possible (which means increasing the length of the substring by 1 will introduce a different letter). The intervals are obtained by looping over `text`.

After the intervals are obtained, for each letter, obtain all the intervals and calculate the maximum length. If a letter has only one interval, then the maximum length is the length of the interval. If a letter has two intervals, then the maximum length is the sum of the two intervals' lengths if the two intervals have distance 1 (which means there is one different letter between two intervals), or the length of the longer interval plus 1 otherwise. If a letter has three or more intervals, then each time check the two adjacent intervals, and the maximum length is the sum of the two intervals' lengths plus 1 if the two intervals have distance 1 (which means there is one different letter between two intervals), or the length of the longer interval plus 1 otherwise.

Finally, return the maximum length.
