# 213. House Robber II
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed. All houses at this place are **arranged in a circle**. That means the first house is the neighbor of the last one. Meanwhile, adjacent houses have security system connected and **it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night**.

Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight **without alerting the police**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [2,3,2]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** You cannot rob house 1 (money = 2) and then rob house 3 (money = 2), because they are adjacent houses.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,1]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** Rob house 1 (money = 1) and then rob house 3 (money = 3). Total amount you can rob = 1 + 3 = 4.

## Solution
This is a follow-up problem of problem 198, and the difference between the two problems is that in this problem, the first house is the neighbor of the last one.

Similar to problem 198, this problem can also be solved using dynamic programming. However, since the first house and the last house are adjacent, the statuses should be represented differently.

The dynamic programming array consists of N rows and 4 columns, where N is the number of houses, and thus each row represents the statuses of each house. To represent the statuses of each house, not only whether the current house is robbed should be considered, but whether the first house or the last house is robbed should also be considered, so 4 columns are used. Column 0 and column 1 represent the statuses that the last house is guaranteed to not robbed so the first house can be robbed without considering the last house, and column 2 and column 3 represent the statuses that the first house is guaranteed not robbed so the last house can be robbed without considering the first house. Column 0 and column 2 represent the statuses that the current house is not robbed, and column 1 and column 3 represent the statuses that the current house is robbed.

The dynamic programming array represents the maximum amount of money to be robbed up to the current house.

For the house at index 0, obviously column 0 is 0, column 1 is the amount of money in the house, and column 2 and column 3 are both 0 (since for column 2 and column 3, the first house is guaranteed not to be robbed). For the following houses, column 0 is the max value of column 0 and column 1 of the previous row, column 1 equals column 0 of the previous row plus the amount of money in the current house, column 2 is the max value of column 2 and column 3 of the previous row, and column 3 equals column 2 of the previous row plus the amount of money in the current house.

Since for column 0 and column 1, the last house is guaranteed to not be robbed, set column 0 and column 1 of the last row to be equal to column 0 and column 1 of the second last row.

Then the max value of the last row of the dynamic programming array is the maximum amount of money that can be robbed.