# 1169. Invalid Transactions
## Level
Medium

## Description
A transaction is *possibly invalid* if:

* the amount exceeds $1000, or;
* if it occurs within (and including) 60 minutes of another transaction with the same name in a different city.

Each transaction string `transactions[i]` consists of comma separated values representing the name, time (in minutes), amount, and city of the transaction.

Given a list of `transactions`, return a list of transactions that are possibly invalid. You may return the answer in any order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** transactions = ["alice,20,800,mtv","alice,50,100,beijing"]

**Output:** ["alice,20,800,mtv","alice,50,100,beijing"]

**Explanation:** The first transaction is invalid because the second transaction occurs within a difference of 60 minutes, have the same name and is in a different city. Similarly the second one is invalid too.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** transactions = ["alice,20,800,mtv","alice,50,1200,mtv"]

**Output:** ["alice,50,1200,mtv"]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** transactions = ["alice,20,800,mtv","bob,50,1200,mtv"]

**Output:** ["bob,50,1200,mtv"]

**Constraints:**

* `transactions.length <= 1000`
* Each `transactions[i]` takes the form `"{name},{time},{amount},{city}"`
* Each `{name}` and `{city}` consist of lowercase English letters, and have lengths between `1` and `10`.
* Each `{time}` consist of digits, and represent an integer between `0` and `1000`.
* Each `{amount}` consist of digits, and represent an integer between `0` and `2000`.

## Solution
Create a class `Transaction` that contains data fields `name`, `time`, `amount` and `city`. The objects of `Transaction` type are sorted according to `name` in ascending order, then according to `time` in ascending order, then according to `city` in ascending order, and finally according to `amount` in ascending order.

Create an array `transactionsArray` of type `Transaction`. For each string in `transactions`, create an object of `Transaction` and add the object to `transactionsArray`. Sort `transactionsArray`. After sorting, loop over `transactionsArray` and check each transaction. Use a set of type `String` to store the invalid transactions. For each transaction, check the following two points.

1. If the transaction's amount exceeds $1000, then it is invalid, so add its string representation into the set.
2. If there are previous transactions that occur within (and including) 60 minutes before this transaction with the same name in a different city, then add all such transactions' string representations into the set.

For point 2, maintain a previous index such that the transactions from the previous index to the current index are all checked.

A set is used to avoid duplicates. Finally, create a list from the set and return.
