# 80. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a sorted array *nums*, remove the duplicates **[in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** such that duplicates appeared at most *twice* and return the new length.

Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this by **modifying the input array** **[in-place](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** with O(1) extra memory.

**Example 1:**

Given *nums* = **[1,1,1,2,2,3]**,

Your function should return length = **5**, with the first five elements of *nums* being **1**, **1**, **2**, **2** and **3** respectively.

It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the returned length.

**Example 2:**

Given *nums* = **[0,0,1,1,1,1,2,3,3]**,

Your function should return length = **7**, with the first seven elements of nums being modified to **0**, **0**, **1**, **1**, **2**, **3** and **3** respectively.

It doesn't matter what values are set beyond the returned length.

**Clarification:**

Confused why the returned value is an integer but your answer is an array?

Note that the input array is passed in by **reference**, which means modification to the input array will be known to the caller as well.

Internally you can think of this:
```
// nums is passed in by reference. (i.e., without making a copy)
int len = removeDuplicates(nums);

// any modification to nums in your function would be known by the caller.
// using the length returned by your function, it prints the first len elements.
for (int i = 0; i < len; i++) {
    print(nums[i]);
}
```

## Solution
If the array is `null` or has length 0, return the array.

If the array has length 1 or 2, then there can't be an element that occurs more than twice, so return the array.

Use two pointers `fast` and `slow`, where `fast` moves faster than `slow`, and the element at position `fast` will be assigned to position `slow`. Also use a `boolean` type variable `duplicate` to record whether the current element at position `fast` is a duplicate, which is used to make sure each duplicate appears at most twice.

If an element at position `fast` is not equal to the element at position `fast - 1`, then simply assign the element at position `fast` to position `slow`, move both `fast` and `slow` forward by 1 step, and set `duplicate` to `false`.

If an element at position `fast` is equal to the element at position `fast - 1`, then check `duplicate`. If `duplicate` is `false`, then the element at position `fast` is the second time of the element, so assign the element to position `slow`, move both `fast` and `slow` forward by 1 step, and set `duplicate` to `true` so that no more duplicates of the same element are allowed. If `duplicate` is `true`, then move `fast` to the next element that is not equal to the previous element (that is, find the smallest `fast` after the current `fast` such that `nums[fast] != nums[fast - 1]`), assign the element at position `fast` to position `slow`, move both `fast` and `slow` forward by 1 step, and set `duplicate` to `false`.

The procedure ends when `fast` is greater than or equal to the array's length. At this time, return `slow`, which is the new length.
