# 1383. Maximum Performance of a Team
## Level
Hard

## Description
There are `n` engineers numbered from 1 to `n` and two arrays: `speed` and `efficiency`, where `speed[i]` and `efficiency[i]` represent the speed and efficiency for the i-th engineer respectively. *Return the maximum **performance** of a team composed of at most `k` engineers, since the answer can be a huge number, return this modulo 10^9 + 7.*

The **performance** of a team is the sum of their engineers' speeds multiplied by the minimum efficiency among their engineers. 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 6, speed = [2,10,3,1,5,8], efficiency = [5,4,3,9,7,2], k = 2

**Output:** 60

**Explanation:**

We have the maximum performance of the team by selecting engineer 2 (with speed=10 and efficiency=4) and engineer 5 (with speed=5 and efficiency=7). That is, performance = (10 + 5) * min(4, 7) = 60.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 6, speed = [2,10,3,1,5,8], efficiency = [5,4,3,9,7,2], k = 3

**Output:** 68

**Explanation:**

This is the same example as the first but k = 3. We can select engineer 1, engineer 2 and engineer 5 to get the maximum performance of the team. That is, performance = (2 + 10 + 5) * min(5, 4, 7) = 68.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 6, speed = [2,10,3,1,5,8], efficiency = [5,4,3,9,7,2], k = 4

**Output:** 72

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 10^5`
* `speed.length == n`
* `efficiency.length == n`
* `1 <= speed[i] <= 10^5`
* `1 <= efficiency[i] <= 10^8`
`1 <= k <= n`

## Solution
Obviously, if two engineers have the same efficiency, then the engineer with the higher speed is always preferred.

First, create a 2D array to store the speed and the efficiency of each engineer, and sort the array according to efficiency in descending order and then according to speed in descending order.

Next, create a priority queue to store the engineers' speeds, where the minimum speed is polled first. Loop over the 2D array to obtain the speed and the efficiency of each engineer. Always keep at most `k` engineers. At each step, the minimum efficiency is the current engineer's efficiency, since the 2D array is sorted according to efficiency in descending order. If the priority queue's size is already `k`, poll one element from the priority queue and subtract the speed from the total speed. Add the current engineer's speed to the priority queue and add the current engineer's speed to the total speed. Then multiply the total speed by the minimum efficiency, and update the maximum performance.


