# 341. Flatten Nested List Iterator
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a nested list of integers, implement an iterator to flatten it.

Each element is either an integer, or a list -- whose elements may also be integers or other lists.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [[1,1],2,[1,1]]

**Output:** [1,1,2,1,1]

**Explanation:** By calling *next* repeatedly until *hasNext* returns false, the order of elements returned by *next* should be: [1,1,2,1,1].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,[4,[6]]]

**Output:** [1,4,6]

**Explanation:** By calling *next* repeatedly until *hasNext* returns false, the order of elements returned by *next* should be: [1,4,6].

## Solution
Use a list to store all the elements. In the constructor, loop over `nestedList` and use a queue to store all the elements from `nestedList`. Then loop over the queue to add the elements to the list. Each time obtain the number of elements in the queue as `size`, and poll `size` elements from the queue. Initially, set a variable `flag` to `true`. Each time an element is polled from the queue, if `flag` is `true` and the element is an integer, then add it to the list. If the element is a nested list, then set `flag` to `false` and offer all the elements in the nested list to the queue. If `flag` is false and the element is an integer, offer the element to the queue again. If the element is a nested list, then offer all the elements in the nested list to the queue. This can make sure that the order of the integers are not changed. After all the elements are added to the list, obtain the number of elements as `size` and set `index` to 0.

When `next()` is called, obtain the value at `index` as the return value, increase `index` by 1, and return the return value.

When `hasNext()` is called, return `true` if and only if `index` is less than `size`.
