# 1616. Split Two Strings to Make Palindrome
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two strings `a` and `b` of the same length. Choose an index and split both strings **at the same index**, splitting `a` into two strings: `a_prefix` and `a_suffix` where `a = a_prefix + a_suffix`, and splitting `b` into two strings: `b_prefix` and `b_suffix` where `b = b_prefix + b_suffix`. Check if `a_prefix + b_suffix` or `b_prefix + a_suffix` forms a palindrome.

When you split a string `s` into `s_prefix` and `s_suffix`, either `s_suffix` or `s_prefix` is allowed to be empty. For example, if `s = "abc"`, then `"" + "abc"`, `"a" + "bc"`, `"ab" + "c"`, and `"abc" + ""` are valid splits.

Return `true` if *it is possible to form a palindrome string, otherwise return* `false`.

**Notice** that `x + y` denotes the concatenation of strings `x` and `y`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** a = "x", b = "y"

**Output:** true

**Explaination:** If either a or b are palindromes the answer is true since you can split in the following way:

a_prefix = "", a_suffix = "x"

b_prefix = "", b_suffix = "y"

Then, a_prefix + b_suffix = "" + "y" = "y", which is a palindrome.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** a = "xbdef", b = "xecab"

**Output:** false

**Example 3:**

**Input:** a = "ulacfd", b = "jizalu"

**Output:** true

**Explaination:** Split them at index 3:

a_prefix = "ula", a_suffix = "cfd"

b_prefix = "jiz", b_suffix = "alu"

Then, a_prefix + b_suffix = "ula" + "alu" = "ulaalu", which is a palindrome.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= a.length, b.length <= 10^5`
* `a.length == b.length`
* `a` and `b` consist of lowercase English letters

## Solution
If either `a` or `b` is a palindrome, then return `true`. Otherwise, check both `a` and `b`'s first characters and last characters.

If the first character of `a` equals the last character of `b`, then use two pointers to move from the start of `a` to the right and move from the end of `b` to the left, respectively. Once a different character is met, check the remaining substrings of `a` and `b` (the substrings from index `left` to index `right`, both inclusive). If either substring is a palindrome, return `true`.

If the first character of `b` equals the last character of `a`, then swap `a` and `b`, and do the check similarly.

If in either case, a palindrome is found, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
