# 155. Min Stack
## Level
Easy

## Description
Design a stack that supports push, pop, top, and retrieving the minimum element in constant time.

* push(x) -- Push element x onto stack.
* pop() -- Removes the element on top of the stack.
* top() -- Get the top element.
* getMin() -- Retrieve the minimum element in the stack.

**Example:**
```
MinStack minStack = new MinStack();
minStack.push(-2);
minStack.push(0);
minStack.push(-3);
minStack.getMin();   --> Returns -3.
minStack.pop();
minStack.top();      --> Returns 0.
minStack.getMin();   --> Returns -2.
```

## Solution
A stack supports push, pop, and top already, so only the function of retrieving the minimum element needs to be implemented. Use two stacks to implement retrieving the minimum element in constant time. One stack works as the normal stack, and the other stack which is called the minimum stack stores the minimum element so far. Both stacks are initialized in the constructor. The other three functions should be modified to meet the request of retrieving the minimum element.

1. The push function. Push the element into the normal stack, and for the minimum stack, if the minimum stack is empty, then simply push the element into the minimum stack, otherwise push the minimum element between the current element and the element at the top of the minimum stack.

2. The pop function. Simply pop both the normal stack and the minimum stack.

3. The top function. Simply return the top element of the normal stack.

4. The getMin function. Simply return the top element of the minimum stack. The reason why this works is that, each time the push function is called, the element pushed into the minimum stack is guaranteed to be the minimum element so far, so at any time, the top element of the minimum stack is the minimum element among all the elements pushed.
