# 1538. Guess the Majority in a Hidden Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
We have an integer array `nums`, where all the integers in `nums` are **0** or **1**. You will not be given direct access to the array, instead, you will have an **API** `ArrayReader` which have the following functions:

* `int query(int a, int b, int c, int d)`: where `0 <= a < b < c < d < ArrayReader.length()`. The function returns the distribution of the value of the 4 elements and returns:
   * **4** : if the values of the 4 elements are the same (0 or 1).
   * **2** : if three elements have a value equal to 0 and one element has value equal to 1 or vice versa.
   * **0** : if two element have a value equal to 0 and two elements have a value equal to 1.
* `int length()`: Returns the size of the array.

You are allowed to call `query()` **2 * n** times at most where n is equal to `ArrayReader.length()`.

Return **any** index of the most frequent value in nums, in case of tie, return -1.

**Follow up:** What is the minimum number of calls needed to find the majority element?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [0,0,1,0,1,1,1,1]

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** The following calls to the API

reader.length() // returns 8 because there are 8 elements in the hidden array.

reader.query(0,1,2,3) // returns 2 this is a query that compares the elements nums[0], nums[1], nums[2], nums[3]

// Three elements have a value equal to 0 and one element has value equal to 1 or viceversa.

reader.query(4,5,6,7) // returns 4 because nums[4], nums[5], nums[6], nums[7] have the same value.

we can infer that the most frequent value is found in the last 4 elements.

Index 2, 4, 6, 7 is also a correct answer.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [0,0,1,1,0]

**Output:** 0

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [1,0,1,0,1,0,1,0]

**Output:** -1

**Constraints:**

* `5 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= nums[i] <= 1`

## Solution
It is possible to recover the array. Since the problem requires returning the index of the most frequent value, not the value itself, simply set the first element of the array `nums` (the element at index 0) to 0.

For the first five elements in `nums`, use five queries to determine the elements. For `reader.query(x, b, c, d)` and `reader.query(y, b, c, d)`, where `x`, `y`, `b`, `c`, `d` are all different, the results are the same if and only if the elements at index `x` and index `y` have the same value.

For `i` from 5 to `n - 1`, where `n` is `reader.length()`, use `reader.query(i - 3, i - 2, i - 1, i)` and the previous query result to determine the value of `nums[i]`.

After all the values in `nums` are obtained, calculate the sum of all elements of `nums`, which is `sum`. If `sum * 2 == n`, then there is a tie, so return -1. If `sum * 2 < n`, then the most frequent value is 0, so return any index that has value 0. If `sum * 2 > n`, then the most frequent value is 1, so return any index that has value 1.
