# 916. Word Subsets
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given two arrays `A` and `B` of words. Each word is a string of lowercase letters.

Now, say that word `b` is a subset of word `a` if every letter in `b` occurs in `a`, including multiplicity. For example, `"wrr"` is a subset of `"warrior"`, but is not a subset of `"world"`.

Now say a word `a` from `A` is *universal* if for every `b` in `B`, `b` is a subset of `a`. 

Return a list of all universal words in `A`. You can return the words in any order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = ["amazon","apple","facebook","google","leetcode"], B = ["e","o"]

**Output:** ["facebook","google","leetcode"]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = ["amazon","apple","facebook","google","leetcode"], B = ["l","e"]

**Output:** ["apple","google","leetcode"]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** A = ["amazon","apple","facebook","google","leetcode"], B = ["e","oo"]

**Output:** ["facebook","google"]

**Example 4:**

**Input:** A = ["amazon","apple","facebook","google","leetcode"], B = ["lo","eo"]

**Output:** ["google","leetcode"]

**Example 5:**

**Input:** A = ["amazon","apple","facebook","google","leetcode"], B = ["ec","oc","ceo"]

**Output:** ["facebook","leetcode"]

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length, B.length <= 10000`
2. `1 <= A[i].length, B[i].length <= 10`
3. `A[i]` and `B[i]` consist only of lowercase letters.
4. All words in `A[i]` are unique: there isn't `i != j` with `A[i] == A[j]`.

## Solution
First get the maximum counts of all letters from `B`. For example, if both `"meet"` and `"met"` are in `B`, then the maximum count of `"e"` is 2.

Then for each word in `A`, count the number of occurrences of all letters in the word. If all letters' number of occurrences is greater than or equal to the maximum counts of all letters from `B`, then the word is universal, so add the word to the result list. Otherwise, do not add the word to the result list.

Finally, return the result list.
