# 532. K-diff Pairs in an Array
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given an array of integers and an integer **k**, you need to find the number of **unique** k-diff pairs in the array. Here a **k-diff** pair is defined as an integer pair (i, j), where **i** and **j** are both numbers in the array and their [absolute difference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absolute_difference) is **k**.

**Example 1:**

**Input**: [3, 1, 4, 1, 5], k = 2

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** There are two 2-diff pairs in the array, (1, 3) and (3, 5). Although we have two 1s in the input, we should only return the number of **unique** pairs.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], k = 1

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** There are four 1-diff pairs in the array, (1, 2), (2, 3), (3, 4) and (4, 5).

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [1, 3, 1, 5, 4], k = 0

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** There is one 0-diff pair in the array, (1, 1).

**Note:**

1. The pairs (i, j) and (j, i) count as the same pair.
2. The length of the array won't exceed 10,000.
3. All the integers in the given input belong to the range: [-1e7, 1e7].

## Solution
If `k` is negative or `nums` is empty, then there are no k-diff pairs, so return 0.

If `k` is 0, then for each number `num`, there exists a k-diff pair for `num` if and only if the number of occurrences of `num` is greater than 1. Count the numbers that occur more than once in the array and return the counter.

If `k` is positive, then sort the array and loop over the array. For each number in the array, if it equals its previous number, continue to the next number. Suppose the current number is `num`, then a k-diff pair with the smaller number as `num` exists if and only if `num + k` also exists in the array. If `num + k` exists in the array, add the counter by 1. Finally return the counter.
