# 1081. Smallest Subsequence of Distinct Characters
## Level
Medium

## Description
Return the lexicographically smallest subsequence of `text` that contains all the distinct characters of `text` exactly once.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "cdadabcc"

**Output:** "adbc"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "abcd"

**Output:** "abcd"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "ecbacba"

**Output:** "eacb"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "leetcode"

**Output:** "letcod"

**Constraints:**

1. `1 <= text.length <= 1000`
2. `text` consists of lowercase English letters.

**Note:** This question is the same as 316: [https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicate-letters/](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicate-letters/)

## Solution
First use a map to store each character in `text` and the last index that the character occurs. Then use greedy algorithm. Use a stack to store characters. Loop over `text` from left to right to visit each character. If the current character is already in the subsequence, continue. If the stack is empty, push the character into the stack. If the stack is not empty, while the element at the top of the stack is greater than the current character, obtain its last index. If the last index is greater than the current index, pop it out of the stack. Otherwise, break the inner loop. The inner loop continues until the stack becomes empty or the element at the top of the stack is less than the current character. Then push the current character into the stack.

After `text` is visited, the elements are pushed into the stack such that the character at the bottom of the stack is the first character in the smallest subsequence and the character at the top of the stack is the last character in the smallest subsequence. Use a string to store the characters in the stack and make sure that the string is the smallest subsequence, and return the string.
