# 210. Course Schedule II
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are a total of *n* courses you have to take, labeled from `0` to `n-1`.

Some courses may have prerequisites, for example to take course 0 you have to first take course 1, which is expressed as a pair: `[0,1]`

Given the total number of courses and a list of prerequisite **pairs**, return the ordering of courses you should take to finish all courses.

There may be multiple correct orders, you just need to return one of them. If it is impossible to finish all courses, return an empty array.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 2, [[1,0]]

**Output:** [0,1]

**Explanation:** There are a total of 2 courses to take. To take course 1 you should have finished course 0. So the correct course order is [0,1].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 4, [[1,0],[2,0],[3,1],[3,2]]

**Output:** [0,1,2,3] or [0,2,1,3]

**Explanation:** There are a total of 4 courses to take. To take course 3 you should have finished both courses 1 and 2. Both courses 1 and 2 should be taken after you finished course 0. So one correct course order is [0,1,2,3]. Another correct ordering is [0,2,1,3] .

**Note:**

1. The input prerequisites is a graph represented by **a list of edges**, not adjacency matrices. Read more about [how a graph is represented](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-science/algorithms/graph-representation/a/representing-graphs).
2. You may assume that there are no duplicate edges in the input prerequisites.

## Solution
Use topology sort. This solution uses breadth first search for topology sort. For each course, calculate its in-degree, which is the number of direct prerequisites. A direct prerequisite corresponds to an edge in the directed graph. For example, if there are two edges `[1, 0]` and `[2, 1]`, then course 0 is a direct prerequisite of course 1 and course 1 is a direct prerequisite of course 2, but course 0 is not a direct prerequisite of course 2.

Do breadth first search starting from the courses with in-degree equal to 0. For each course with in-degree equal to 0, add the course to the result array, and for each subsequent course of the current course, decrease the subsequent course's in-degree by 1, and add the subsequent course to the search queue if the subsequent course's in-degree becomes 0.

If all courses are added to the result array, then all courses are finished, so return the result array. Otherwise, it is impossible to finish all courses, so return an empty array.
