# 44. Wildcard Matching
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an input string (`s`) and a pattern (`p`), implement wildcard pattern matching with support for `'?'` and `'*'`.
```
'?' Matches any single character.
'*' Matches any sequence of characters (including the empty sequence).
```
The matching should cover the **entire** input string (not partial).

**Note:**

* s could be empty and contains only lowercase letters `a-z`.
* p could be empty and contains only lowercase letters `a-z`, and characters like `?` or `*`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

s = "aa"

p = "a"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** "a" does not match the entire string "aa".

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

s = "aa"

p = "*"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** '*' matches any sequence.

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

s = "cb"

p = "?a"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** '?' matches 'c', but the second letter is 'a', which does not match 'b'.

**Example 4:**

**Input:**

s = "adceb"

p = "*a*b"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The first '*' matches the empty sequence, while the second '*' matches the substring "dce".

**Example 5:**

**Input:**

s = "acdcb"

p = "a*c?b"

**Output:** false

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. This solution uses bottom-up approach.

Let `sLength` and `pLength` to be `s.length()` and `p.length()` respectively. Create a 2D array `dp` of boolean type with `sLength + 1` rows and `pLength + 1` columns. The element `dp[i][j]` represents whether the substring of `s` starting from index `i` and the substring of `p` starting from index `j` match. Initialize `dp[sLength][pLength]` as `true` since `s` and `p` match if they are both empty.

For indices `i` and `j`, `dp[i][j]` is determined as follows.

First check whether the character at index `j` of `p` is `'*'`. If so, since, `'*'` may match an empty sequence, `dp[i][j]` is `true` if `dp[i][j + 1]` is `true`. Also if the `'*'` at index `j` of `p` matches substring of `s` starting from index `i + 1`, then `dp[i][j]` is `true`.

If the character at index `j` of `p` is not `'*'`, then check whether the current characters match, that is whether the character at index `i` of `s` equals the character at index `j` of `p`, or the character at index `j` of `p` is `?`. If the current characters don't match, then `dp[i][j]` is `false`. If the current characters match, then `dp[i][j]` is `true` if and only if `dp[i + 1][j + 1]` is `true`.

Finally, return `dp[0][0]`, which represents whether the entire string `s` and the entire pattern `p` matches.
