# 549. Binary Tree Longest Consecutive Sequence II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary tree, you need to find the length of Longest Consecutive Path in Binary Tree.

Especially, this path can be either increasing or decreasing. For example, [1,2,3,4] and [4,3,2,1] are both considered valid, but the path [1,2,4,3] is not valid. On the other hand, the path can be in the child-Parent-child order, where not necessarily be parent-child order.

**Example 1:**
```
Input:
        1
       / \
      2   3
Output: 2
Explanation: The longest consecutive path is [1, 2] or [2, 1].
```

**Example 2:**
```
Input:
        2
       / \
      1   3
Output: 3
Explanation: The longest consecutive path is [1, 2, 3] or [3, 2, 1].
```

**Note:** All the values of tree nodes are in the range of [-1e7, 1e7].

## Solution
If the tree is empty, return 0.

Starting from the leaf nodes and moving towards the root, calculate the longest consecutive sequence from its left subtree and right subtree. For each node, maintain an array of length 2 to store the number of nodes in the longest consecutive sequence from its left subtree and right subtree respectively, where positive values represent the sequence is increasing and negative values represent the sequence is decreasing. Here, "increasing" means a child has a greater value than its parent, and "decreasing" means a child has a smaller value than its parent.

For each node, its corresponding array can be obtained from considering its own value and its children's values. If the two values in the array are positive and negative, then there exists a path that crosses the current node and connects its two subtrees, which is the longest path so far. Otherwise, the longest path only exists in one subtree. Update the maximum length after each node's array is calculated.

Finally, return the maximum length.
