# 1072. Flip Columns For Maximum Number of Equal Rows
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a `matrix` consisting of 0s and 1s, we may choose any number of columns in the matrix and flip **every** cell in that column. Flipping a cell changes the value of that cell from 0 to 1 or from 1 to 0.

Return the maximum number of rows that have all values equal after some number of flips.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [[0,1],[1,1]]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** After flipping no values, 1 row has all values equal.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [[0,1],[1,0]]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** After flipping values in the first column, both rows have equal values.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [[0,0,0],[0,0,1],[1,1,0]]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** After flipping values in the first two columns, the last two rows have equal values.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= matrix.length <= 300`
2. `1 <= matrix[i].length <= 300`
3. All `matrix[i].length`'s are equal
4. `matrix[i][j]` is `0` or `1`

## Solution
If two rows are exactly the same, then it is possible to flip the numbers from 0 to 1 or from 1 to 0 will make the two rows have all values equal. For example, if two rows are both `[0,1,1,0,1]`, then flipping the 0th and the 3rd column will make the two rows have all values equal to 1, or flipping the 1st, 2nd and 4rd column will make the two rows have all values equal to 0. 

If two rows can become the same after flipping one row, then it is also possible to flip the numbers from 0 to 1 or from 1 to 0 will make the two rows have all values equal. For example, if the first row is `[0,1,1,0,1]` and the second row is `[1,0,0,1,0]`, then flipping the 0th and the 3rd column will make the first row have all values equal to 1 and the second row have all values equal to 0, or flipping the 1st, 2nd and 4rd column will make the first row have all values equal to 0 and the second row have all values equal to 1. 

Therefore, for each row, its pattern can be obtained by its values. If the first value in the row is 1, then flip all the numbers in the row. For example, both rows `[0,1,1,0,1]` and `[1,0,0,1,0]` have the same pattern `[0,1,1,0,1]`. It is possible to do some number of flips to make all the rows with the same pattern have all values equal in the same row.

Use a map to store each pattern and the number of rows with the pattern. For each row in `matrix`, obtain the pattern and update the number of rows with the pattern. After all rows are visited, loop over all patterns and find the pattern with the maximum number of rows, and return the maximum number of rows.
