# 957. Prison Cells After N Days
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are 8 prison cells in a row, and each cell is either occupied or vacant.

Each day, whether the cell is occupied or vacant changes according to the following rules:

* If a cell has two adjacent neighbors that are both occupied or both vacant, then the cell becomes occupied.
* Otherwise, it becomes vacant.

(Note that because the prison is a row, the first and the last cells in the row can't have two adjacent neighbors.)

We describe the current state of the prison in the following way: `cells[i] == 1` if the `i`-th cell is occupied, else `cells[i] == 0`.

Given the initial state of the prison, return the state of the prison after `N` days (and `N` such changes described above.)

**Example 1:**

**Input:** cells = [0,1,0,1,1,0,0,1], N = 7

**Output:** [0,0,1,1,0,0,0,0]

**Explanation:**

The following table summarizes the state of the prison on each day:

Day 0: [0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1]

Day 1: [0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]

Day 2: [0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 0]

Day 3: [0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]

Day 4: [0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0]

Day 5: [0, 1, 1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0]

Day 6: [0, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0]

Day 7: [0, 0, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** cells = [1,0,0,1,0,0,1,0], N = 1000000000

**Output:** [0,0,1,1,1,1,1,0]

**Note:**

1. `cells.length == 8`
2. `cells[i]` is in `{0, 1}`
3. `1 <= N <= 10^9`

## Solution
Simulate the prison cells' changings. Since there are only 8 prison cells, the number of different states is limited, so there must be a cycle.

Use two maps to store each state and the first day of the state, and each day and its state, respectively. Starting from day 1 (after one change from the original state), update the two maps. If a state is already met before, which means the first map contains the key of the state, then calculate the cycle length and stop simulating.

If `N` is less than or equal to the cycle length, then the simulation will reach the `N`-th day, and return the state on the `N`-th day. Otherwise, calculate the remainder of `N` divided by the cycle length, and use the remainder to find the state.
