# 969. Pancake Sorting
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `A`, we can perform a *pancake flip*: We choose some positive integer `k <= A.length`, then reverse the order of the first **k** elements of `A`.  We want to perform zero or more pancake flips (doing them one after another in succession) to sort the array `A`.

Return the k-values corresponding to a sequence of pancake flips that sort `A`. Any valid answer that sorts the array within `10 * A.length` flips will be judged as correct.

Example 1:

**Input:** [3,2,4,1]

**Output:** [4,2,4,3]

**Explanation:**

We perform 4 pancake flips, with k values 4, 2, 4, and 3.

Starting state: A = [3, 2, 4, 1]

After 1st flip (k=4): A = [1, 4, 2, 3]

After 2nd flip (k=2): A = [4, 1, 2, 3]

After 3rd flip (k=4): A = [3, 2, 1, 4]

After 4th flip (k=3): A = [1, 2, 3, 4], which is sorted. 

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,2,3]

**Output:** []

**Explanation:** The input is already sorted, so there is no need to flip anything.

Note that other answers, such as [3, 3], would also be accepted.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length <= 100`
2. `A[i]` is a permutation of `[1, 2, ..., A.length]`

## Solution
Since a pancake flip reverses the order of the first **k** elements of the array for the selected positive integer **k**, one solution is to put the largest element in the correct position each time.

Do the operation for each number from `A.length` to 1. For the number `i`, if `A[i - 1] != i`, then find the index where the number `i` is. Suppose the number `i` is at index `flipIndex`, then do a pancake flip for the first `flipIndex` elements so that `i` becomes the first element in array `A`, and do another pancake flip for the first `i` elements so that `i` will be at position `i` (the position starts from 1). 

Each number can be flipped to the correct position within at most 2 flips, so the array can be sorted within at most `2 * A.length` flips, which is less than `10 * A.length` flips.
