# 1665. Minimum Initial Energy to Finish Tasks
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an array `tasks` where `tasks[i] = [actual_i, minimum_i]`:

* `actual_i` is the actual amount of energy you **spend to finish** the `i-th` task.
* `minimum_i` is the minimum amount of energy you **require to begin** the `i-th` task.

For example, if the task is `[10, 12]` and your current energy is `11`, you cannot start this task. However, if your current energy is `13`, you can complete this task, and your energy will be `3` after finishing it.

You can finish the tasks in **any order** you like.

Return *the **minimum** initial amount of energy you will need to finish all the tasks*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** tasks = [[1,2],[2,4],[4,8]]

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:**

Starting with 8 energy, we finish the tasks in the following order:
    - 3rd task. Now energy = 8 - 4 = 4.
    - 2nd task. Now energy = 4 - 2 = 2.
    - 1st task. Now energy = 2 - 1 = 1.

Notice that even though we have leftover energy, starting with 7 energy does not work because we cannot do the 3rd task.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** tasks = [[1,3],[2,4],[10,11],[10,12],[8,9]]

**Output:** 32

**Explanation:**

Starting with 32 energy, we finish the tasks in the following order:
    - 1st task. Now energy = 32 - 1 = 31.
    - 2nd task. Now energy = 31 - 2 = 29.
    - 3rd task. Now energy = 29 - 10 = 19.
    - 4th task. Now energy = 19 - 10 = 9.
    - 5th task. Now energy = 9 - 8 = 1.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** tasks = [[1,7],[2,8],[3,9],[4,10],[5,11],[6,12]]

**Output:** 27

**Explanation:**

Starting with 27 energy, we finish the tasks in the following order:
    - 5th task. Now energy = 27 - 5 = 22.
    - 2nd task. Now energy = 22 - 2 = 20.
    - 3rd task. Now energy = 20 - 3 = 17.
    - 1st task. Now energy = 17 - 1 = 16.
    - 4th task. Now energy = 16 - 4 = 12.
    - 6th task. Now energy = 12 - 6 = 6.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= tasks.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= actual_i <= minimum_i <= 10^4`

## Solution
First calculate the total amount of energy to finish all the tasks, which is `sum`. Then calculate the minimum difference between the `minimum` value and the `actual` value, among all the tasks. That is, to find an index `i` such that `tasks[i][1] - tasks[i][0]` is less than or equal to `tasks[j][1] - tasks[j][0]` for any other index `j`. Let `minDifference` be the minimum difference. The minimum initial energy should be at least `sum + minDifference`. Also, the minimum initial energy should be at least the maximum value of any task's required amount of energy, which is `minRequired`. The result is `Math.max(sum + minDifference, minRequired)`.

For this result, it is guaranteed that the tasks can be finished since we can always select a task with the maximum difference between the required energy and the actual energy so that for the remaining tasks, the required energy will never exceed the remaining energy.
