# 919. Complete Binary Tree Inserter
## Level
Medium

## Description
A *complete* binary tree is a binary tree in which every level, except possibly the last, is completely filled, and all nodes are as far left as possible.

Write a data structure `CBTInserter` that is initialized with a complete binary tree and supports the following operations:

* `CBTInserter(TreeNode root)` initializes the data structure on a given tree with head node root;
* `CBTInserter.insert(int v)` will insert a `TreeNode` into the tree with value `node.val = v` so that the tree remains complete, **and returns the value of the parent of the inserted `TreeNode`**;
* `CBTInserter.get_root()` will return the head node of the tree.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** inputs = ["CBTInserter","insert","get_root"], inputs = [[[1]],[2],[]]

**Output:** [null,1,[1,2]]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** inputs = ["CBTInserter","insert","insert","get_root"], inputs = [[[1,2,3,4,5,6]],[7],[8],[]]

**Output:** [null,3,4,[1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8]]

**Note:**

1. The initial given tree is complete and contains between `1` and `1000` nodes.
2. `CBTInserter.insert` is called at most `10000` times per test case.
3. Every value of a given or inserted node is between `0` and `5000`.

## Solution
For `CBTInserter(TreeNode root)`, initialize the binary tree's root and the number of nodes in the binary tree. To obtain the number of nodes in the binary tree, do breadth first search. Since the binary tree is complete, if a node doesn't have two children, then the remaining nodes are all leaf nodes, so simply add the number of the remaining nodes which are in the queue to the number of nodes.

For `CBTInserter.insert(int v)`, use the number of nodes as the current index, and find the path starting from the root to the inserted node. After the path is found, use the path to reach the parent of the inserted node, and insert the node accordingly. Increase the number of nodes by 1 and return the parent's value.

For `CBTInserter.get_root()`, return the root of the binary tree.
