# 710. Random Pick with Blacklist
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a blacklist `B` containing unique integers from `[0, N)`, write a function to return a uniform random integer from `[0, N)` which is **NOT** in `B`.

Optimize it such that it minimizes the call to system's `Math.random()`.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= N <= 1000000000`
2. `0 <= B.length < min(100000, N)`
3. `[0, N)` does NOT include N. See [interval notation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interval_(mathematics)).

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick"]

[[1,[]],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,0,0,0]

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick"]

[[2,[]],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,1,1,1]

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick"]

[[3,[1]],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,0,0,2]

**Example 4:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick"]

[[4,[2]],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,1,3,1]

**Explanation of Input Syntax:**

The input is two lists: the subroutines called and their arguments. `Solution`'s constructor has two arguments, `N` and the blacklist `B`. `pick` has no arguments. Arguments are always wrapped with a list, even if there aren't any.

## Solution
Given an integer `N` and a blacklist `B`, there are `N - B.length` numbers that can be selected. For example, if `N` is 100 and `B.length` is 10, then there are 100 - 10 = 90 numbers that can be selected. Therefore, call `Math.random()` so that the returned integer is in the range `[0, N - B.length)`.

For each number in the blacklist, it is either less than `N - B.length` or greater than or equal to `N - B.length`. If a number in the blacklist is less than `N - B.length`, then it should be mapped to a number in the range `[N - B.length, N)` which is not in the blacklist.

In the class, maintain `size` which is the number of integers that can be selected, maintain a set to store the numbers in the blacklist, and maintain a map.

For the constructor, initialize `size = N - B.length`, and add all the numbers in the blacklist to the set. Then for each number in the blacklist, map it to `num` which is in the range `[size, N)` and is not in the blacklist (`num` is updated after each mapping), with the map updated.

For the method `pick`, randomly select an integer in the range `[0, size)`, get the corresponding integer from the map (if the integer is not in the map, then the integer remains unchanged), and return the integer.
