# 823. Binary Trees With Factors
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array of unique integers, each integer is strictly greater than 1.

We make a binary tree using these integers and each number may be used for any number of times.

Each non-leaf node's value should be equal to the product of the values of it's children.

How many binary trees can we make? Return the answer modulo **10 ** 9 + 7**.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [2, 4]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** We can make these trees: [2], [4], [4, 2, 2]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = [2, 4, 5, 10]

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** We can make these trees: [2], [4], [5], [10], [4, 2, 2], [10, 2, 5], [10, 5, 2].

**Note:**

1. `1 <= A.length <= 1000`.
2. `2 <= A[i] <= 10 ^ 9`.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Sort array `A`, and use a map to store each element `A[i]` to ints index `i` where `0 <= i < A.length`.

Use an array `counts` of length `A.length` to store the number of binary trees when each element in `A` is the root. Initially, `counts[i] = 1` for all `0 <= i < A.length`.

For each index `i` such that `0 < i < A.length`, loop over all indices `j` from 0 to `i - 1`. If `A[i] % A[j] == 0`, then check whether `A[i] / A[j]` exists in `A` (or equivalently, check whether it exists in the key set of the map)`. If `A[i] / A[j]` exists, then `A[j]` is the left child of `A[i]` and `A[i] / A[j]` is the right child of `A[i]`, and update `counts[i] = counts[i] + counts[j] * counts[rightIndex]`, where `rightIndex` is the index of `A[i] / A[j]` in `A`.

Finally, calculate the sum of all elements of `counts`, and return.

Since the counts may be very large, for each update, do the modulo operation.
