# 317. Shortest Distance from All Buildings
## Level
Hard

## Description
You want to build a house on an empty land which reaches all buildings in the shortest amount of distance. You can only move up, down, left and right. You are given a 2D grid of values **0**, **1** or **2**, where:

* Each **0** marks an empty land which you can pass by freely.
* Each **1** marks a building which you cannot pass through.
* Each **2** marks an obstacle which you cannot pass through.

**Example:**
```
Input: [[1,0,2,0,1],[0,0,0,0,0],[0,0,1,0,0]]

1 - 0 - 2 - 0 - 1
|   |   |   |   |
0 - 0 - 0 - 0 - 0
|   |   |   |   |
0 - 0 - 1 - 0 - 0

Output: 7

Explanation: Given three buildings at (0,0), (0,4), (2,2), and an obstacle at (0,2), the point (1,2) is an ideal empty land to build a house, as the total travel distance of 3+3+1=7 is minimal. So return 7.
```

**Note:**

There will be at least one building. If it is not possible to build such house according to the above rules, return -1.

## Solution
The basic idea is to do breadth first search starting from each building. However, there are some tricks that need to pay attention to. The first trick is that there must be at least one empty land to make it possible to build a house. The second trick is that there must be at least one empty land such that it is reachable from all the buildings.

For each cell, maintain the number of buildings that the cell is reachable and maintain the total distance of the cell to all buildings.

Loop over `grid`. For each cell, if the cell is a building, do breadth first search starting from this cell, and add the number of buildings by 1. During the breadth first search, for each cell that is a reachable empty land, add the cell's number of buildings reachable by 1, and add the distance to the cell's total distance.

After doing breadth first search from all the buildings, loop over `grid` again. For each cell that is an empty land, if it can reach all the buildings, update the shortest distance. If the shortest distance exists, return the shortest distance. Otherwise, return -1.
