# 817. Linked List Components
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given `head`, the head node of a linked list containing **unique integer values**.

We are also given the list `G`, a subset of the values in the linked list.

Return the number of connected components in `G`, where two values are connected if they appear consecutively in the linked list.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

head: 0->1->2->3

G = [0, 1, 3]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

0 and 1 are connected, so [0, 1] and [3] are the two connected components.

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

head: 0->1->2->3->4

G = [0, 3, 1, 4]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:**

0 and 1 are connected, 3 and 4 are connected, so [0, 1] and [3, 4] are the two connected components.

**Note:**

* If `N` is the length of the linked list given by `head`, `1 <= N <= 10000`.
* The value of each node in the linked list will be in the range `[0, N - 1]`.
* `1 <= G.length <= 10000`.
* `G` is a subset of all values in the linked list.

## Solution
Use a set to store all the values in `G`. To count the number of components, for each node, record whether moving to the current node is entering a component, or exiting a component, or other cases, and count the number of times of entering a component.

Use a `boolean` type variable `inComponent` to store whether the current node is in a component, which is initially `false`. Loop over the linked list starting from `head`. For each node, if its value is in the set, then if `inComponent` is `false`, change it to `true` to represent that a new component is entered and increase the number of components by 1. If its value is not in the set, then if `inComponent` is `true`, change it to `false` to represent that a component is exited.

Finally, return the number of components.
