# 1405. Longest Happy String
## Level
Medium

## Description
A string is called *happy* if it does not have any of the strings `'aaa'`, `'bbb'` or `'ccc'` as a substring.

Given three integers `a`, `b` and `c`, return **any** string `s`, which satisfies following conditions:

* `s` is *happy* and longest possible.
* `s` contains **at most** `a` occurrences of the letter `'a'`, **at most** `b` occurrences of the letter `'b'` and **at most** `c` occurrences of the letter `'c'`.
* `s` will only contain `'a'`, `'b'` and `'c'` letters.

If there is no such string `s` return the empty string `""`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** a = 1, b = 1, c = 7

**Output:** "ccaccbcc"

**Explanation:** "ccbccacc" would also be a correct answer.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** a = 2, b = 2, c = 1

**Output:** "aabbc"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** a = 7, b = 1, c = 0

**Output:** "aabaa"

**Explanation:** It's the only correct answer in this case.

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= a, b, c <= 100`
* `a + b + c > 0`

## Solution
Use the greedy approach. Create a priority queue and offer each letter and the count of each letter into the priority queue, where the letter with the maximum count is polled first. Each time poll a letter from the priority queue and append it to the happy string with its count decreased by 1 as long as there does not exist three consecutive letters that are the same in the string. If there are already two consecutive letters, then obtain the letter with the second maximum count and append it to the happy string with its count decreased by 1, which will make the consecutive letters different. Repeat the steps until no more letters can be appended to the happy string. Finally, return the happy string.
