# 267. Palindrome Permutation II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s`, return all the palindromic permutations (without duplicates) of it. Return an empty list if no palindromic permutation could be form.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "aabb"

**Output:** ["abba", "baab"]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "abc"

**Output:** []

## Solution
First check whether it is possible to have a permutation of the string that is a palindrome. If it is impossible, return an empty list.

Next check whether there is a character that occur odd number of times and generate palindrome permutations in different ways.

If all characters occur even numbers of times, then simply select half occurrences of each character from the string, and generate the permutations using the selected characters. Each permutation of the selected characters is the left side of a palindrome, so append the reverse of the permutation to the original permutation to form a palindrome, and add the palindrome to the result list.

If there is one character that occurs odd number of times, then remove one such character from the string, select half occurrences of each character from the remaining characters in the string, and generate the permutations using the selected characters. For each permutation of the selected characters, append the removed character and then append the reverse of the permutation to the original permutation to form a palindrome, and add the palindrome to the result list.

To generate permutations, use the solution to problem 47.
