# 835. Image Overlap
## Level
Medium

## Description
Two images `A` and B are given, represented as binary, square matrices of the same size. (A binary matrix has only 0s and 1s as values.)

We translate one image however we choose (sliding it left, right, up, or down any number of units), and place it on top of the other image.  After, the *overlap* of this translation is the number of positions that have a 1 in both images.

(Note also that a translation does **not** include any kind of rotation.)

What is the largest possible overlap?

**Example 1:**
```
Input: A = [[1,1,0],
            [0,1,0],
            [0,1,0]]
       B = [[0,0,0],
            [0,1,1],
            [0,0,1]]
Output: 3
Explanation: We slide A to right by 1 unit and down by 1 unit.
```

**Notes:**

1. `1 <= A.length = A[0].length = B.length = B[0].length <= 30`
2. `0 <= A[i][j], B[i][j] <= 1`

## Solution
Since the two images are both square matrices of the same size, obtain the side length of any image as `sideLength`. Suppose `A` is fixed. Put `B` on `A` and slide `B` so that `B` has at least one cell that is on top of a cell in `A`.

The range that `B` can be slided is `sideLength - 1` units in each of the four directions. That is, `B` can be slided `i` rows and `j` columns where `-sideLength < i < sideLength` and `-sideLength < j < sideLength`, where positive values of `i` means sliding down and negative values of `i` means sliding up, and positive values of `j` means sliding right and negative values of `j` means sliding left.

For each position that `B` is slided to, calculate the overlap of two images. If `B` is slided `i` rows and `j` columns, then `A[r][c]` is under `B[r - i][c - j]`, where `Math.max(0, i) <= r < Math.min(sideLength, sideLength + i)` and `Math.max(0, j) <= c < Math.min(sideLength, sideLength + j)`.

After the overlaps are calculated for all possible positions that `B` is slided to, find the maximum overlap and return.
