# 640. Solve the Equation
## Level
Medium

## Description
Solve a given equation and return the value of x in the form of string "x=#value". The equation contains only '+', '-' operation, the variable x and its coefficient.

If there is no solution for the equation, return "No solution".

If there are infinite solutions for the equation, return "Infinite solutions".

If there is exactly one solution for the equation, we ensure that the value of `x` is an integer.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "x+5-3+x=6+x-2"

**Output:** "x=2"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "x=x"

**Output:** "Infinite solutions"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "2x=x"

**Output:** "x=0"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "2x+3x-6x=x+2"

**Output:** "x=-1"

**Example 5:**

**Input:** "x=x+2"

**Output:** "No solution"

## Solution
In the equation, there are two sides split by the equals sign. On each side, split each term, and calculate the coefficient of `x` and the constant term.

There are several ways to split each term. This solution uses the way to replace all occurrences of "-" with "+-", but remove the "+" at the beginning of the equation or just after the quals sign. Then for both sides, split each side using "+" to get the separated terms.

After the terms are split, move all the terms that contain "x" to the left side, and move all the constant terms to the right side. If a term is moved to the other side, its sign will change.

After the coefficient of `x` and the constant term are calculated, the result can be one of the following.

1. If the coefficient of `x` is not 0, then the value of `x` equals the constant term divided by the coefficient of `x`, and return the string "x=#value" where `#value` represents the value of `x`.

2. If the coefficient of `x` is 0 and the constant term is also 0, return "Infinite solutions".

3. If the coefficient of `x` is 0 but the constant term is not 0, return "No solution".
