# 825. Friends Of Appropriate Ages
## Level
Medium

## Description
Some people will make friend requests. The list of their ages is given and `ages[i]` is the age of the ith person. 

Person A will NOT friend request person B (B != A) if any of the following conditions are true:

* `ages[B] <= 0.5 * ages[A] + 7`
* `ages[B] > ages[A]`
* `ages[B] > 100 && ages[A] < 100`

Otherwise, A will friend request B.

Note that if A requests B, B does not necessarily request A. Also, people will not friend request themselves.

How many total friend requests are made?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [16,16]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** 2 people friend request each other.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [16,17,18]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Friend requests are made 17 -> 16, 18 -> 17.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [20,30,100,110,120]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Friend requests are made 110 -> 100, 120 -> 110, 120 -> 100.

**Notes:**

* `1 <= ages.length <= 20000`.
* `1 <= ages[i] <= 120`.

## Solution
Among the three conditions where person A will not friend request person B, the third condition can be omitted since it is already included in the second condition. Therefore, only two conditions are needed. Equivalently, person A will friend request person B if the following conditions are true:
* `ages[B] >= ages[A] / 2 + 8` (where `/` represents integer division)
* `ages[B] <= ages[A]`

For each `age` in `ages`, use a map to store the number of people that have `age`. Sort `ages`. Loop over `ages`. For each person, the age range of the current person's friend request can be obtained using the person's age. If A requests B, then either B is younger than A or A and B have the same age. For the case that B is younger than A, find the leftmost index `i` such that `ages[i]` is in the range of A's friend request, and the number of people that are younger than A and have ages in the range of A's friend request can be calculated. If there are several people that have the same age as A, then multiply the number of people obtained above by the number of people that have the same age as A, since each people that have the same age as A will request all the people in the range above. For the case that A and B have the same age, suppose there are `n` people that have the same age as A (including A), then the number of requests among the `n` people is `n * (n - 1)`.

The number of friend requests for each age can be calculated in the way mentioned above. Finally, return the total number of friend requests.
