# 299. Bulls and Cows
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are playing the following [Bulls and Cows](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulls_and_Cows) game with your friend: You write down a number and ask your friend to guess what the number is. Each time your friend makes a guess, you provide a hint that indicates how many digits in said guess match your secret number exactly in both digit and position (called "bulls") and how many digits match the secret number but locate in the wrong position (called "cows"). Your friend will use successive guesses and hints to eventually derive the secret number.

Write a function to return a hint according to the secret number and friend's guess, use `A` to indicate the bulls and `B` to indicate the cows.

Please note that both secret number and friend's guess may contain duplicate digits.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** secret = "1807", guess = "7810"

**Output:** "1A3B"

**Explanation:** 1 bull and 3 cows. The bull is 8, the cows are 0, 1 and 7.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** secret = "1123", guess = "0111"

**Output:** "1A1B"

**Explanation:** The 1st 1 in friend's guess is a bull, the 2nd or 3rd 1 is a cow.

**Note:** You may assume that the secret number and your friend's guess only contain digits, and their lengths are always equal.

## Solution
First deal with bulls, and next deal with cows.

To deal with bulls, compare each pair of digits in `secret` and `guess` at the same index. If the digits at the same index are the same, add the number of bulls by 1.

To deal with cows, skip the indices that are bulls, and only consider the digits at the other indices. For each digit in `secret`, compare it with each digit in `guess`. If a same digit is found, add the number of cows by 1, and remove the character from both `secret` and `guess`. The step to remove the character is necessary to avoid calculating the character repeatedly.
