# 1106. Parsing A Boolean Expression
## Level
Hard

## Description
Return the result of evaluating a given boolean `expression`, represented as a string.

An expression can either be:

* `"t"`, evaluating to `True`;
* `"f"`, evaluating to `False`;
* `"!(expr)"`, evaluating to the logical NOT of the inner expression `expr`;
* `"&(expr1,expr2,...)"`, evaluating to the logical AND of 2 or more inner expressions `expr1, expr2, ...`;
* `"|(expr1,expr2,...)"`, evaluating to the logical OR of 2 or more inner expressions `expr1, expr2, ...`

**Example 1:**

**Input:** expression = "!(f)"

**Output:** true

**Example 2:**

**Input:** expression = "|(f,t)"

**Output:** true

**Example 3:**

**Input:** expression = "&(t,f)"

**Output:** false

**Example 4:**

**Input:** expression = "|(&(t,f,t),!(t))"

**Output:** false

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= expression.length <= 20000`
* `expression[i]` consists of characters in `{'(', ')', '&', '|', '!', 't', 'f', ','}`.
* `expression` is a valid expression representing a boolean, as given in the description.

## Solution
Use a stack to store characters in `expression`. Loop over `expression` from left to right. If a character is not a `','` or a `')'`, then push it into the stack. If a character is a `','`, simply ignore it. If a character is a `')'`, then pop the elements out of the stack until a `'('` is met, then pop the `'('` out of the stack and further pop one element out of the stack, which is an operator. During the process that elements are popped out of the stack, count the number of `'t'`s and the number of `'f'`s, then determine the current result according to the operator.

1. If the operator is `'!'`, then there should be only one `'t'` or only one `'f'`. If there is one `'t'`, then push `'f'` into the stack. If there is one `'f'`, then push `'t'` into the stack.
2. If the operator is `'&'`, then if there are no `'f'`s, push `'t'` into the stack. Otherwise, push `'f'` into the stack.
3. If the operator is `'|'`, then if there are no `'t'`s, push `'f'` into the stack. Otherwise, push `'t'` into the stack.

Finally, the stack will contain only one element, which is either `'t'` or `'f'`. Return `true` if the element is `'t'` or `false` if the element is `'f'`.
