# 71. Simplify Path
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an **absolute path** for a file (Unix-style), simplify it. Or in other words, convert it to the canonical path.

In a UNIX-style file system, a period `.` refers to the current directory. Furthermore, a double period `..` moves the directory up a level. For more information, see: [Absolute path vs relative path in Linux/Unix](https://www.linuxnix.com/abslute-path-vs-relative-path-in-linuxunix/)

Note that the returned canonical path must always begin with a slash `/`, and there must be only a single slash `/` between two directory names. The last directory name (if it exists) **must not** end with a trailing `/`. Also, the canonical path must be the **shortest** string representing the absolute path.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "/home/"

**Output:** "/home"

**Explanation:** Note that there is no trailing slash after the last directory name.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "/../"

**Output:** "/"

**Explanation:** Going one level up from the root directory is a no-op, as the root level is the highest level you can go.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "/home//foo/"

**Output:** "/home/foo"

**Explanation:** In the canonical path, multiple consecutive slashes are replaced by a single one.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "/a/./b/../../c/"

**Output:** "/c"

**Example 5:**

**Input:** "/a/../../b/../c//.//"

**Output:** "/c"

**Example 6:**

**Input:** "/a//b////c/d//././/.."

**Output:** "/a/b/c"

## Solution
First, replace all `//` with `/`, and if there is a trailing `/`, remove it.

Next, get each part of the path split by `/`. For each part, if it is not a period or a double period, append it to the canonical path. If it equals `.` (a period), skip the part. If it equals `..` (a double period), remove the last part in the canonical path.

Finally, return the canonical path.
