# 1910. Remove All Occurrences of a Substring
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two strings `s` and `part`, perform the following operation on `s` until **all** occurrences of the substring `part` are removed:

* Find the **leftmost** occurrence of the substring `part` and **remove** it from `s`.

Return *`s` after removing all occurrences of `part`*.

A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters in a string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "daabcbaabcbc", part = "abc"

**Output:** "dab"

**Explanation:** The following operations are done:
- s = "da**abc**baabcbc", remove "abc" starting at index 2, so s = "dabaabcbc".
- s = "daba**abc**bc", remove "abc" starting at index 4, so s = "dababc".
- s = "dab**abc**", remove "abc" starting at index 3, so s = "dab".

Now s has no occurrences of "abc".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "axxxxyyyyb", part = "xy"

**Output:** "ab"

**Explanation:** The following operations are done:
- s = "axxx**xy**yyyb", remove "xy" starting at index 4 so s = "axxxyyyb".
- s = "axx**xy**yyb", remove "xy" starting at index 3 so s = "axxyyb".
- s = "ax**xy**yb", remove "xy" starting at index 2 so s = "axyb".
- s = "a**xy**b", remove "xy" starting at index 1 so s = "ab".

Now s has no occurrences of "xy".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 1000`
* `1 <= part.length <= 1000`
* `s` and `part` consists of lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use `indexOf` to find the index of the occurrence of `part` in `s`, and remove the corresponding substring from `s`. Repeat this step until `s` does not contain `part. Finally, return `s`.
