# 735. Asteroid Collision
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given an array `asteroids` of integers representing asteroids in a row.

For each asteroid, the absolute value represents its size, and the sign represents its direction (positive meaning right, negative meaning left). Each asteroid moves at the same speed.

Find out the state of the asteroids after all collisions. If two asteroids meet, the smaller one will explode. If both are the same size, both will explode. Two asteroids moving in the same direction will never meet.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

asteroids = [5, 10, -5]

**Output:** [5, 10]

**Explanation:**

The 10 and -5 collide resulting in 10. The 5 and 10 never collide.

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

asteroids = [8, -8]

**Output:** []

**Explanation:**

The 8 and -8 collide exploding each other.

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

asteroids = [10, 2, -5]

**Output:** [10]

**Explanation:**

The 2 and -5 collide resulting in -5.  The 10 and -5 collide resulting in 10.

**Example 4:**

**Input:**

asteroids = [-2, -1, 1, 2]

**Output:** [-2, -1, 1, 2]

**Explanation:**

The -2 and -1 are moving left, while the 1 and 2 are moving right.
Asteroids moving the same direction never meet, so no asteroids will meet each other.

**Note:**

* The length of `asteroids` will be at most `10000`.
* Each asteroid will be a non-zero integer in the range `[-1000, 1000]`.

## Solution
Use a stack to store the remaining asteroids after collision, and add the remaining asteroids to the return array.

In order to deal with the stack more conveniently, the input asteroids are sent to the stack in the reverse order.

For each asteroid in the input, if it is negative, then it will never collide with the asteroids that were pushed into the stack earlier, so push it into the stack.

If the asteroid is positive, then as long as the top of the stack is a negative asteroid (which means an asteroid that moves left), compare the asteroid with the asteroid at the top of the stack. If the current asteroid has a smaller absolute value, then it will explode and the asteroids in the stack remain the same. If the current asteroid has the same absolute value as the asteroid at the top of the stack, then both asteroids collide, so pop the stack. If the current asteroid has a greater absolute value, then the asteroid at the top of the stack will explode but the current asteroid won't explode when meeting the asteroid at the top of the stack, so pop the stack, and keep comparing the current asteroid with the asteroid at the top of the stack. If the current asteroid doesn't explode, then push it into the stack.

Finally, pop the stack and store the values into the return array.
