# 1918. Kth Smallest Subarray Sum
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an integer array `nums` of length `n` and an integer `k`, return *the `k-th` **smallest subarray sum***.

A **subarray** is defined as a **non-empty** contiguous sequence of elements in an array. A **subarray sum** is the sum of all elements in the subarray.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [2,1,3], k = 4

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The subarrays of [2,1,3] are:
- [2] with sum 2
- [1] with sum 1
- [3] with sum 3
- [2,1] with sum 3
- [1,3] with sum 4
- [2,1,3] with sum 6

Ordering the sums from smallest to largest gives 1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 6. The 4th smallest is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [3,3,5,5], k = 7

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** The subarrays of [3,3,5,5] are:
- [3] with sum 3
- [3] with sum 3
- [5] with sum 5
- [5] with sum 5
- [3,3] with sum 6
- [3,5] with sum 8
- [5,5] with sum 10
- [3,3,5], with sum 11
- [3,5,5] with sum 13
- [3,3,5,5] with sum 16

Ordering the sums from smallest to largest gives 3, 3, 5, 5, 6, 8, 10, 11, 13, 16. The 7th smallest is 10.

**Constraints:**

* `n == nums.length`
* `1 <= n <= 2 * 10^4`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 5 * 10^4`
* `1 <= k <= n * (n + 1) / 2`

## Solution
Use binary search. The maximum subarray sum is the sum of all elements in `nums` and the minimum subarray sum is the minimum element in `nums`. Initialize `high` and `low` as the maximum subarray sum and the minimum subarray sum. Each time let `mid` be the mean of `high` and `low` and count the number of subarrays that have sum less than or equal to `mid`, and adjust `high` and `low` accordingly. Finally the `k`-th smallest subarray sum can be obtained.

To count the number of subarrays that have sum less than or equal to `mid`, use sliding window over `nums` and for each index, count the number of subarrays that end at the index with sum less than or equal to `mid`.
