# 225. Implement Stack using Queues
## Level
Easy

## Description
Implement the following operations of a stack using queues.

* push(x) -- Push element x onto stack.
* pop() -- Removes the element on top of the stack.
* top() -- Get the top element.
* empty() -- Return whether the stack is empty.

**Example:**
```
MyStack stack = new MyStack();

stack.push(1);
stack.push(2);  
stack.top();   // returns 2
stack.pop();   // returns 2
stack.empty(); // returns false
```
**Notes:**

* You must use *only* standard operations of a queue -- which means only `push to back`, `peek/pop from front`, `size`, and `is empty` operations are valid.
* Depending on your language, queue may not be supported natively. You may simulate a queue by using a list or deque (double-ended queue), as long as you use only standard operations of a queue.
* You may assume that all operations are valid (for example, no pop or top operations will be called on an empty stack).

## Solution
Use two queues to implement a stack, where `queue1` is used to store elements and `queue2` is used as a supplementary queue.

A stack has a property that the element pushed in last is popped out first. Each time an element is pushed in to the stack, offer it into `queue1`, and for the elements that are already in `queue1`, pull each element from `queue1` and offer the element into `queue2`. After the operation, it is guaranteed that the newest element pushed is at the head of `queue1`, which is the first to be polled. For `pop` and `top` operation, simply return the element at the head of `queue1`, while `pop` operation polls the element but `top` operation doesn't poll the element. For `empty` operation, simply maintain a variable `size` to store the number of elements in the stack, which is updated in each `push` operation and `pop` operation, and `size == 0` means the stack is empty.
