# 1604. Alert Using Same Key-Card Three or More Times in a One Hour Period
## Level
Medium

## Description
Leetcode company workers use key-cards to unlock office doors. Each time a worker uses their key-card, the security system saves the worker's name and the time when it was used. The system emits an **alert** if any worker uses the key-card **three or more times** in a one-hour period.

You are given a list of strings `keyName` and `keyTime` where `[keyName[i], keyTime[i]]` corresponds to a person's name and the time when their key-card was used **in a single day**.

Access times are given in the **24-hour time format "HH:MM"**, such as `"23:51"` and `"09:49"`.

Return a *list of unique worker names who received an alert for frequent keycard use*. Sort the names in **ascending order alphabetically**.

Notice that `"10:00"` - `"11:00"` is considered to be within a one-hour period, while `"23:51"` - `"00:10"` is not considered to be within a one-hour period.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** keyName = ["daniel","daniel","daniel","luis","luis","luis","luis"], keyTime = ["10:00","10:40","11:00","09:00","11:00","13:00","15:00"]

**Output:** ["daniel"]

**Explanation:** "daniel" used the keycard 3 times in a one-hour period ("10:00","10:40", "11:00").

**Example 2:**

**Input:** keyName = ["alice","alice","alice","bob","bob","bob","bob"], keyTime = ["12:01","12:00","18:00","21:00","21:20","21:30","23:00"]

**Output:** ["bob"]

**Explanation:** "bob" used the keycard 3 times in a one-hour period ("21:00","21:20", "21:30").

**Example 3:**

**Input:** keyName = ["john","john","john"], keyTime = ["23:58","23:59","00:01"]

**Output:** []

**Example 4:**

**Input:** keyName = ["leslie","leslie","leslie","clare","clare","clare","clare"], keyTime = ["13:00","13:20","14:00","18:00","18:51","19:30","19:49"]

**Output:** ["clare","leslie"]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= keyName.length, keyTime.length <= 10^5`
* `keyName.length == keyTime.length`
* `keyTime` are in the format **"HH:MM"**.
* `[keyName[i], keyTime[i]]` is **unique**.
* `1 <= keyName[i].length <= 10`
* `keyName[i]` contains only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
For each worker, maintain a list of access times. Loop over `keyName` and `keyTime` to obtain all the access times of all the workers. Then sort the lists in ascending order. Use a sliding window of size 3 to check whether the difference between the last element in the sliding window and the first element in the sliding window is in one hour. If this is the case, add the worker's name to the result list. Finally, return the result list.
