# 895. Maximum Frequency Stack
## Level
Hard

## Description
Implement `FreqStack`, a class which simulates the operation of a stack-like data structure.

`FreqStack` has two functions:

* `push(int x)`, which pushes an integer `x` onto the stack.
* `pop()`, which **removes** and returns the most frequent element in the stack.
   * If there is a tie for most frequent element, the element closest to the top of the stack is removed and returned.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: 
["FreqStack","push","push","push","push","push","push","pop","pop","pop","pop"],
[[],[5],[7],[5],[7],[4],[5],[],[],[],[]]
Output: [null,null,null,null,null,null,null,5,7,5,4]
Explanation:
After making six .push operations, the stack is [5,7,5,7,4,5] from bottom to top.  Then:

pop() -> returns 5, as 5 is the most frequent.
The stack becomes [5,7,5,7,4].

pop() -> returns 7, as 5 and 7 is the most frequent, but 7 is closest to the top.
The stack becomes [5,7,5,4].

pop() -> returns 5.
The stack becomes [5,7,4].

pop() -> returns 4.
The stack becomes [5,7].
```

**Note:**

* Calls to `FreqStack.push(int x)` will be such that `0 <= x <= 10^9`.
* It is guaranteed that `FreqStack.pop()` won't be called if the stack has zero elements.
* The total number of `FreqStack.push` calls will not exceed `10000` in a single test case.
* The total number of `FreqStack.pop` calls will not exceed `10000` in a single test case.
* The total number of `FreqStack.push` and `FreqStack.pop` calls will not exceed `150000` across all test cases.

## Solution
Maintain a stack `stack` to store the elements. Also maintain two maps, which are `numFrequencyMap` that stores each number's frequency, and `frequencySetMap` that stores each frequency and the numbers with the frequency. The map `frequencySetMap` is a tree map.

For the constructor, initialize the stack and the two maps.

For method `push(int x)`, push `x` into `stack` and update the frequency of `x` in `numFrequencyMap`. As for `frequencySetMap`, add `x` into the set with the updated frequency and remove `x` from the set with the previous frequency.

For method `pop()`, find the maximum key in `frequencySetMap` to obtain the maximum frequency, which can be obtained using `lastKey` method in tree map, and obtain the set with the maximum key, which contains the elements with the maximum frequency. The element to be removed is in the set. To obtain the element closest to the top of the stack, pop elements from the stack until the element at the top of the stack is in the set. Then pop the element out as the return value and push the other elements back into the stack. After the stack is updated, update the two maps. For `numFrequencyMap`, update the popped values' frequency, and remove the entry if the frequency becomes 0. For `frequencySetMap`, remove the popped value from the previous frequency's set and add the value into the new frequency's set. If the previous frequency's set becomes empty, remove the entry with the previous frequency from `frequencySetMap`. Finally, return the popped value.
