# 843. Guess the Word
## Level
Hard

## Description
This problem is an ***interactive problem*** new to the LeetCode platform.

We are given a word list of unique words, each word is 6 letters long, and one word in this list is chosen as **secret**.

You may call `master.guess(word)` to guess a word.  The guessed word should have type string and must be from the original list with 6 lowercase letters.

This function returns an `integer` type, representing the number of exact matches (value and position) of your guess to the **secret word**. Also, if your guess is not in the given wordlist, it will return `-1` instead.

For each test case, you have 10 guesses to guess the word. At the end of any number of calls, if you have made 10 or less calls to master.guess and at least one of these guesses was the **secret**, you pass the testcase.

Besides the example test case below, there will be 5 additional test cases, each with 100 words in the word list. The letters of each word in those testcases were chosen independently at random from `'a'` to `'z'`, such that every word in the given word lists is unique.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: secret = "acckzz", wordlist = ["acckzz","ccbazz","eiowzz","abcczz"]

Explanation:

master.guess("aaaaaa") returns -1, because "aaaaaa" is not in wordlist.
master.guess("acckzz") returns 6, because "acckzz" is secret and has all 6 matches.
master.guess("ccbazz") returns 3, because "ccbazz" has 3 matches.
master.guess("eiowzz") returns 2, because "eiowzz" has 2 matches.
master.guess("abcczz") returns 4, because "abcczz" has 4 matches.

We made 5 calls to master.guess and one of them was the secret, so we pass the test case.
```

**Note:** Any solutions that attempt to circumvent the judge will result in disqualification.

## Solution
The number of guesses needs to be minimized, so the search space should be as small as possible.

First, for each pair of words in `wordlist`, calculate the number of letters that are the same in the pair of words. Use a 2D array to store the number of same letters.

Next, create an array of type `boolean` with the same length of `wordlist` that indicates whether each word is a candidate, where all words are candidates initially, and start searching.

How to determine which word to search? For each word that is a candidate, loop over all the words in `wordlist` and obtain the number of same letters between each word and the current word, where the number of same letters ranges from 0 to 6. Find the maximum occurrence. If a word's maximum occurrence is the minimum among all words, then the word is the next word to search.

For the word to search, call method `guess` to obtain the result. If the result is 6, then the secret word is found, so return. Otherwise, if the result is `guessResult`, then for the other words, if the number of same letters between the word and the guessed word is not `guessResult`, then the word cannot be a candidate. In this way, the search space can be reduced.
