# 1363. Largest Multiple of Three
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an integer array of `digits`, return the largest multiple of **three** that can be formed by concatenating some of the given digits in any order.

Since the answer may not fit in an integer data type, return the answer as a string.

If there is no answer return an empty string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** digits = [8,1,9]

**Output:** "981"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** digits = [8,6,7,1,0]

**Output:** "8760"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** digits = [1]

**Output:** ""

**Example 4:**

**Input:** digits = [0,0,0,0,0,0]

**Output:** "0"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= digits.length <= 10^4`
* `0 <= digits[i] <= 9`
* The returning answer must not contain unnecessary leading zeros.

## Solution
Sort the array `digits` in ascending order, and use three lists to store the elements in `digits` that have remainders 0, 1 and 2 when divided by 3, respectively. All the elements in the three lists are also sorted in ascending order. At the same time, calculate the sum of all the elements in `digits`, and calculate the remainder of the sum divided by 3.

If the remainder is 0, then use all the elements in `digits` in descending order to form the largest multiple of three.

If the remainder is 1, then either move one smallest element from the list of remainder 1, or move two smallest elements from the list of remainder 2, where the former is considered first since a number with more digits is greater. Then use the remaining elements in `digits` in descending order to form the largest multiple of three. If it is impossible, return an empty string.

If the remainder is 2, then either move one smallest element from the list of remainder 2, or move two smallest elements from the list of remainder 1, where the former is considered first since a number with more digits is greater. Then use the remaining elements in `digits` in descending order to form the largest multiple of three. If it is impossible, return an empty string.

Since unnecessary leading zeros need to be removed, check the greatest digit in the formed number. If the greatest digit is 0, then all the digits are 0, so return "0". Otherwise, there is no leading zero, so simply return the largest multiple of three that can be formed.
