# 679. 24 Game
## Level
Hard

## Description
You have 4 cards each containing a number from 1 to 9. You need to judge whether they could operated through `*`, `/`, `+`, `-`, `(`, `)` to get the value of 24.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [4, 1, 8, 7]

**Output:** True

**Explanation:** (8-4) * (7-1) = 24

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1, 2, 1, 2]

**Output:** False

**Note:**
1. The division operator `/` represents real division, not integer division. For example, 4 / (1 - 2/3) = 12.
2. Every operation done is between two numbers. In particular, we cannot use - as a unary operator. For example, with `[1, 1, 1, 1]` as input, the expression `-1 - 1 - 1 - 1` is not allowed.
3. You cannot concatenate numbers together. For example, if the input is `[1, 2, 1, 2]`, we cannot write this as 12 + 12.

## Solution
Simply consider all possible postfix expressions using the given 4 numbers and the 4 operators. In postfix expressions, brankets do not exist.

Obtain all possible permutations of the given 4 numbers. Since there are 3 operators used when there are 4 numbers, obtain all possible permutations that contains 3 operators.

Given 4 numbers and 3 operators, there are 4 possible postfix expressions, which are listed as follows, where `n` represents a number and `o` represents an operator.
```
n n n n o o o
n n n o n o o
n n o n o n o
n n o n n o o
```

For each permutation of numbers, each permutation of operators and each possible postfix expression, calculate the value. If there exists a postfix expression that has value 24, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.

Since the division operator represents real division, maintain a rational number for the result of calculation, which contains a numerator and a denominator.
