# 1790. Check if One String Swap Can Make Strings Equal
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are given two strings `s1` and `s2` of equal length. A **string swap** is an operation where you choose two indices in a string (not necessarily different) and swap the characters at these indices.

Return `true` *if it is possible to make both strings equal by performing **at most one string swap** on **exactly one** of the strings*. Otherwise, return `false`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s1 = "bank", s2 = "kanb"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** For example, swap the first character with the last character of s2 to make "bank".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s1 = "attack", s2 = "defend"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It is impossible to make them equal with one string swap.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s1 = "kelb", s2 = "kelb"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The two strings are already equal, so no string swap operation is required.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s1 = "abcd", s2 = "dcba"

**Output:** false

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s1.length, s2.length <= 100`
* `s1.length == s2.length`
* `s1` and `s2` consist of only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
If `s1` and `s2` are equal to each other, return `true`. Otherwise, count the number of occurrences of each letter in `s1` and `s2` and count the number of indices where `s1` and `s2` differ. The counts of letters' occurrences should be the same for `s1` and `s2`, and there should be exactly 2 indices where `s1` and `s2` differ. Return `true` if the conditions hold, or `false` otherwise.
