# 301. Remove Invalid Parentheses
## Level
Hard

## Description
Remove the minimum number of invalid parentheses in order to make the input string valid. Return all possible results.

**Note:** The input string may contain letters other than the parentheses ( and ).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "()())()"

**Output:** ["()()()", "(())()"]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "(a)())()"

**Output:** ["(a)()()", "(a())()"]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** ")("

**Output:** [""]

## Solution
Use backtrack. First loop over `s` and calculate the number of left parentheses to be deleted and the number of right parentheses to be deleted. If a left parenthesis is met, increase the delete left count by 1. If a right parenthesis is met, decrease the delete left count by 1 if it is greater than 0, or increase the delete right count by 1. Initialize the index to 0. Initialize the number of unmatched left parentheses to 0. Create an empty string buffer and a set that stores results. Then start doing backtrack using the index, the number of unmatched left parentheses, the delete left count and the delete right count.

In the backtrack, if the index equals the length of `s`, then if both the delete left count and the delete right count are 0, convert the current string buffer to a string and add it to the set. Otherwise, if the current character is a left parenthesis, it can be either deleted or remained, and do backtrack respectively. It can be deleted only if the delete left count is greater than 0. If the current character is a right parenthesis, it can be either deleted or remained, and do backtrack respectively. It can be deleted only if the delete right count is greater than 0, and it can be remained only if the number of unmatched left parentheses is greater than 0. If the current character is a letter, then it must be remained, and do backtrack accordingly.

Finally, create a list from the set, and return the list.
