# 1682. Longest Palindromic Subsequence II
## Level
Medium

## Description
A subsequence of a string `s` is considered a **good palindromic subsequence** if:

* It is a subsequence of `s`.
* It is a palindrome (has the same value if reversed).
* It has an **even** length.
* No two consecutive characters are equal, except the two middle ones.

For example, if `s = "abcabcabb"`, then `"abba"` is considered a **good palindromic subsequence**, while `"bcb"` (not even length) and `"bbbb"` (has equal consecutive characters) are not.

Given a string `s`, return *the **length** of the **longest good palindromic subsequence** in `s`*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "bbabab"

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The longest good palindromic subsequence of s is "baab".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "dcbccacdb"

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The longest good palindromic subsequence of s is "dccd".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 250`
* `s` consists of lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Let `n` be the length of `s`. Create a 3D array `dp` of size `n * n * 26`, where `dp[i][j][k]` represents the length of the longest palindromic subsequence from index `i` to index `j` where the outmost letter is the `k`-th letter (0-indexed). For each pair of `(i, j)` where `i < j`, loop over `k`. Let `c` be the `k`-th letter. If `s.charAt(i) != c`, then `dp[i][j][k] = dp[i + 1][j][k]`. If `s.charAt(j) != c`, then `dp[i][j][k] = dp[i][j - 1][k]`. Otherwise, loop over `m` from 0 to 25 and calculate the maximum previous length as `prevLength = max{dp[i + 1][j - 1][m]}` among the values of `m` where `m != k`. Then `dp[i][j][k] = prevLength + 2`.

After the values of `dp` are calculated, loop over `k` from 0 to 25 to obtain the maximum among `dp[0][n - 1][k]`. Finally, return the maximum.
