# 737. Sentence Similarity II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two sentences `words1`, `words2` (each represented as an array of strings), and a list of similar word pairs `pairs`, determine if two sentences are similar.

For example, `words1 = ["great", "acting", "skills"]` and `words2 = ["fine", "drama", "talent"]` are similar, if the similar word pairs are `pairs = [["great", "good"], ["fine", "good"], ["acting","drama"], ["skills","talent"]]`.

Note that the similarity relation **is** transitive. For example, if "great" and "good" are similar, and "fine" and "good" are similar, then "great" and "fine" **are similar**.

Similarity is also symmetric. For example, "great" and "fine" being similar is the same as "fine" and "great" being similar.

Also, a word is always similar with itself. For example, the sentences `words1 = ["great"], words2 = ["great"], pairs = []` are similar, even though there are no specified similar word pairs.

Finally, sentences can only be similar if they have the same number of words. So a sentence like `words1 = ["great"]` can never be similar to `words2 = ["doubleplus","good"]`.

**Note:**

* The length of `words1` and `words2` will not exceed `1000`.
* The length of `pairs` will not exceed `2000`.
* The length of each `pairs[i]` will be `2`.
* The length of each `words[i]` and `pairs[i][j]` will be in the range `[1, 20]`.

## Solution
First check whether `words1` and `words2` have the same length. If their lengths are different, return `false`.

Use two maps to map each word to its group and to map each group to the list of words in the group, respectively.

For each pair of similar words, update both maps. If two words that were originally from different groups are in the same pair, then the two groups are merged into one group, with the smaller group number maintained.

After all pairs are dealt with, loop over both arrays and check whether the two words at the same index are similar. If there exist two words at the same index that are not similar, return `false`. If all words are similar, return `true`.
