# 65. Valid Number
## Level
Hard

## Description
Validate if a given string can be interpreted as a decimal number.

Some examples:

`"0"` => `true`

`" 0.1 "` => `true`

`"abc"` => `false`

`"1 a"` => `false`

`"2e10"` => `true`

`" -90e3   "` => `true`

`" 1e"` => `false`

`"e3"` => `false`

`" 6e-1"` => `true`

`" 99e2.5 "` => `false`

`"53.5e93"` => `true`

`" --6 "` => `false`

`"-+3"` => `false`

`"95a54e53"` => `false`

**Note:** It is intended for the problem statement to be ambiguous. You should gather all requirements up front before implementing one. However, here is a list of characters that can be in a valid decimal number:

* Numbers 0-9
* Exponent - "e"
* Positive/negative sign - "+"/"-"
* Decimal point - "."

Of course, the context of these characters also matters in the input.

## Solution
It is not easy to check whether the given string can be interpreted as a decimal number. The requirements should be considered carefully.

The operations to check whether the given string is valid are as follows. Do each operation or check in the following order.

1. Besides leading and trailing spaces, there should be no spaces in the string. Also the string should contain characters other than spaces. So do `trim` on the input string. After the `trim` operation, if the string is empty or the string still contains spaces, return `false`.

2. If the first character is the positive sign "+" or the negative sign "-", remain the substring starting from index 1 of the string.

3. After spaces are cleared and the possible sign is removed, the first character and the last character in the string is not supposed to be an exponent "e" or a positive/negative sign "+"/"-". If the first character or the last charcter is such a character, return `false`.

4. Loop over the string from left to right and check the string. For digits, there is nothing to check. For decimal point, a decimal point is not supposed to be after an exponent, and there should be at most one decimal point in the string. For exponent, there should be at most one exponent in the string, and it is not supposed to have an exponent just after a decimal point. For positive and negative sign, the sign should only be just after an exponent. If another character is met, then the character is illegal and return `false`.

5. Finally, if none of the rules is violated, return `true`.
