# 1578. Minimum Deletion Cost to Avoid Repeating Letters
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s` and an array of integers `cost` where `cost[i]` is the cost of deleting the character `i` in `s`.

Return the minimum cost of deletions such that there are no two identical letters next to each other.

Notice that you will delete the chosen characters at the same time, in other words, after deleting a character, the costs of deleting other characters will not change.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "abaac", cost = [1,2,3,4,5]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Delete the letter "a" with cost 3 to get "abac" (String without two identical letters next to each other).

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "abc", cost = [1,2,3]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** You don't need to delete any character because there are no identical letters next to each other.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "aabaa", cost = [1,2,3,4,1]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Delete the first and the last character, getting the string ("aba").

**Constraints:**

* `s.length == cost.length`
* `1 <= s.length, cost.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= cost[i] <= 10^4`
* `s` contains only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Find all the longest substrings of `s` such that in each substring, all the letters are the same. If a substring has length `n`, then `n - 1` characters in the substring need to be deleted, and the characters with minimum costs should be deleted. In this way, the minimum deleting cost can be calculated.
