# 1626. Best Team With No Conflicts
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are the manager of a basketball team. For the upcoming tournament, you want to choose the team with the highest overall score. The score of the team is the **sum** of scores of all the players in the team.

However, the basketball team is not allowed to have **conflicts**. A **conflict** exists if a younger player has a **strictly higher** score than an older player. A conflict does **not** occur between players of the same age.

Given two lists, `scores` and `ages`, where each `scores[i]` and `ages[i]` represents the score and age of the `i-th` player, respectively, return *the highest overall score of all possible basketball teams*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** scores = [1,3,5,10,15], ages = [1,2,3,4,5]

**Output:** 34

**Explanation:** You can choose all the players.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** scores = [4,5,6,5], ages = [2,1,2,1]

**Output:** 16

**Explanation:** It is best to choose the last 3 players. Notice that you are allowed to choose multiple people of the same age.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** scores = [1,2,3,5], ages = [8,9,10,1]

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** It is best to choose the first 3 players. 

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= scores.length, ages.length <= 1000`
* `scores.length == ages.length`
* `1 <= scores[i] <= 10^6`
* `1 <= ages[i] <= 1000`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. First sort the players according to scores in descending order and then according to ages in descending order. Next, create a 2D array `dp` with `n` rows and 2 columns, where `n` is the total number of players, and `dp[i][0]` and `dp[i][1]` represent the maximum score at the `i`-th player when the `i`-th player is not selected and selected, respectively.

Obviously, `dp[0][0] = 0` and `dp[0][1]` is the score of the first player after sorting. For `i` from 1 to `n - 1`, `dp[i][0] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][0], dp[i - 1][1])` and `dp[i][1]` is calculated using all `dp[j][1]` plus the `i`-th player's score, where `0 <= j < i` and the `j`-th player's age is greater than or equal to the `i`-th player's age.

Finally, return the maximum of `dp[n - 1][0]` and `dp[n - 1][1]`.
