# 901. Online Stock Span
## Level
Medium

## Description
Write a class `StockSpanner` which collects daily price quotes for some stock, and returns the span of that stock's price for the current day.

The span of the stock's price today is defined as the maximum number of consecutive days (starting from today and going backwards) for which the price of the stock was less than or equal to today's price.

For example, if the price of a stock over the next 7 days were `[100, 80, 60, 70, 60, 75, 85]`, then the stock spans would be `[1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 4, 6]`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: ["StockSpanner","next","next","next","next","next","next","next"], [[],[100],[80],[60],[70],[60],[75],[85]]
Output: [null,1,1,1,2,1,4,6]
Explanation: 
First, S = StockSpanner() is initialized.  Then:
S.next(100) is called and returns 1,
S.next(80) is called and returns 1,
S.next(60) is called and returns 1,
S.next(70) is called and returns 2,
S.next(60) is called and returns 1,
S.next(75) is called and returns 4,
S.next(85) is called and returns 6.

Note that (for example) S.next(75) returned 4, because the last 4 prices
(including today's price of 75) were less than or equal to today's price.
```

**Note:**

1. Calls to `StockSpanner.next(int price)` will have `1 <= price <= 10^5`.
2. There will be at most `10000` calls to `StockSpanner.next` per test case.
3. There will be at most `150000` calls to `StockSpanner.next` across all test cases.
4. The total time limit for this problem has been reduced by 75% for C++, and 50% for all other languages.

## Solution
Use two stacks to store prices and indices respectively. Initially, the index is 0.

Each time `next` is called, pop both stacks until both stacks become empty or the element at the top of the price stack is greater than the current price. The previous index is the element at the top of the index stack or -1 if the index stack is empty. Calculate the span as the difference between the current index and the previous index. Push the current price and the current index into the two stacks respectively, and return the span.

The reason why the logic works is that when one day's price is met, the popped prices (no matter popped just before pushing the current price or popped in previous calls) must be less than or equal to the current price. If the prices are popped just before pushing the current price, then the popped prices must be less than or equal to the current price. If the prices are popped in previous calls, then the popped prices are less than or equal to a price that was pushed previously, and since the price pushed previously is less than or equal to the current price, it can be determined that the prices popped in previous calls must be less than or equal to the current price.
