# 1969. Minimum Non-Zero Product of the Array Elements
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a positive integer `p`. Consider an array `nums` (**1-indexed**) that consists of the integers in the **inclusive** range `[1, 2^p - 1]` in their binary representations. You are allowed to do the following operation **any** number of times:

* Choose two elements `x` and `y` from `nums`.
* Choose a bit in `x` and swap it with its corresponding bit in `y`. Corresponding bit refers to the bit that is in the **same position** in the other integer.

For example, if `x = 1101` and `y = 0011`, after swapping the `2nd` bit from the right, we have `x = 1111` and `y = 0001`.

Find the **minimum non-zero** product of `nums` after performing the above operation **any** number of times. Return *this product **modulo** `10^9 + 7`*.

Note: The answer should be the minimum product before the modulo operation is done.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** p = 1

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** nums = [1].

There is only one element, so the product equals that element.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** p = 2

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** nums = [01, 10, 11].

Any swap would either make the product 0 or stay the same.

Thus, the array product of 1 * 2 * 3 = 6 is already minimized.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** p = 3

**Output:** 1512

**Explanation:** nums = [001, 010, 011, 100, 101, 110, 111]
- In the first operation we can swap the leftmost bit of the second and fifth elements.
    - The resulting array is [001, 110, 011, 100, 001, 110, 111].
- In the second operation we can swap the middle bit of the third and fourth elements.
    - The resulting array is [001, 110, 001, 110, 001, 110, 111].

The array product is 1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 1 * 6 * 7 = 1512, which is the minimum possible product.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= p <= 60`

## Solution
The maximum element is `2^p - 1`. To make the product minimum, the elements should have the greatest difference possible. That is, for the remaining elements, half of the elements are 1 and half of the elements are `2^p - 2`. Then calculate the product.
