# 913. Cat and Mouse
## Level
Hard

## Description
A game on an **undirected** graph is played by two players, Mouse and Cat, who alternate turns.

The graph is given as follows: `graph[a]` is a list of all nodes `b` such that `ab` is an edge of the graph.

Mouse starts at node 1 and goes first, Cat starts at node 2 and goes second, and there is a Hole at node 0.

During each player's turn, they **must** travel along one edge of the graph that meets where they are. For example, if the Mouse is at node `1`, it **must** travel to any node in `graph[1]`.

Additionally, it is not allowed for the Cat to travel to the Hole (node 0).

Then, the game can end in 3 ways:

* If ever the Cat occupies the same node as the Mouse, the Cat wins.
* If ever the Mouse reaches the Hole, the Mouse wins.
* If ever a position is repeated (ie. the players are in the same position as a previous turn, and it is the same player's turn to move), the game is a draw.

Given a `graph`, and assuming both players play optimally, return `1` if the game is won by Mouse, `2` if the game is won by Cat, and `0` if the game is a draw.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: [[2,5],[3],[0,4,5],[1,4,5],[2,3],[0,2,3]]
Output: 0
Explanation:
4---3---1
|   |
2---5
 \ /
  0
```

**Note:**

1. `3 <= graph.length <= 50`
2. It is guaranteed that `graph[1]` is non-empty.
3. It is guaranteed that `graph[2]` contains a non-zero element.

## Solution
Use the idea of minimax algorithm. Define a move as either the Mouse or the Cat goes to an adjacent node. Therefore, if both the Mouse and the Cat have made one move, then there are two moves.

Suppose there are `n` nodes in the graph. If there are already `2 * n` moves, then since both players play optimally, the game must be a draw.

Create a 3D array `memo` of size `(2 * n) * n * n`, such that `memo[i][j][k]` represents the result after `i` steps when the Mouse is at node `j` and the Cat is at node `k`. The initial state is `memo[0][1][2]`. Initialize all elements in `memo` to -1.

Some base cases can be determined. If `j == k`, which means the Mouse is at the same node with the Cat, then the Cat wins, so the result is 2. If `j == 0`, which means the Mouse is at the Hole, then the Mouse wins, so the result is 1. If `i == 2 * n`, then the game is a draw, so the result is 0.

Starting from the initial state and do the search. Consider the following cases.
1. If a state is already visited, which means the corresponding element in `memo` is non-negative, then return the result obtained from `memo`.
2. If a state is one of the base cases, then the result can be determined, so assign the result to the corresponding element in `memo` and return the result.
3. If a state has not been visited and is not one of the base cases, then check whether it is the Mouse's turn or the Cat's turn, and search to the next state accordingly.
   * If the current step is even, which means it is the Mouse's turn, then obtain all the nodes that the Mouse can reach within one step, and for each such node, search from the new state where the number of steps is increased by 1 and the Mouse's position is at the new node. If the search result is 1, then assign the result to the corresponding element in `memo` and return the result. If the search result is 0, then the Cat cannot win. If the Cat can win, then assign 2 to the corresponding element in `memo` and return 2. Otherwise, assign 0 to the corresponding element in `memo` and return 0.
   * If the current step is odd, which means it is the Cat's turn, then obtain all the nodes that the Cat can reach within one step, and for each such node, search from the new state where the number of steps is increased by 1 and the Cat's position is at the new node. If the search result is 2, then assign the result to the corresponding element in `memo` and return the result. If the search result is 0, then the Mouse cannot win. If the Mouse can win, then assign 1 to the corresponding element in `memo` and return 1. Otherwise, assign 0 to the corresponding element in `memo` and return 0.
