# 651. 4 Keys Keyboard
## Level
Medium

## Description
Imagine you have a special keyboard with the following keys:

`Key 1: (A)`: Print one 'A' on screen.

`Key 2: (Ctrl-A)`: Select the whole screen.

`Key 3: (Ctrl-C)`: Copy selection to buffer.

`Key 4: (Ctrl-V)`: Print buffer on screen appending it after what has already been printed.

Now, you can only press the keyboard for **N** times (with the above four keys), find out the maximum numbers of 'A' you can print on screen.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** N = 3

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

We can at most get 3 A's on screen by pressing following key sequence:

A, A, A

**Example 2:**

**Input:** N = 7

**Output:** 9

**Explanation:**

We can at most get 9 A's on screen by pressing following key sequence:

A, A, A, Ctrl A, Ctrl C, Ctrl V, Ctrl V

**Note:**

1. 1 <= N <= 50
2. Answers will be in the range of 32-bit signed integer.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create an array `dp` with length `N + 1`, where `dp[i]` represents the maximum numbers of 'A' that can be printed by pressing the keyboard for `i` times. Initially, `dp[0] = 0`. For each `i` greater than 0, initialize `dp[i] = dp[i - 1] + 1` since pressing key 1 can print one 'A' on screen. If the whole screen is selected, copied and pasted, then the keyboard needs to be pressed for at least 3 times. Therefore, for a given `i`, if the keyboard was pressed for `j` times before selecting the whole screen where `j` ranges from 1 to `i - 3`, then `dp[i]` will become `dp[j] * dp[i - j - 1]` if the value is greater than the current `dp[i]`. Use this rule to update `dp`. Finally, return `dp[N]`.
