# 786. K-th Smallest Prime Fraction
## Level
Hard

## Description
A sorted list `A` contains 1, plus some number of primes. Then, for every p < q in the list, we consider the fraction p/q.

What is the `K`-th smallest fraction considered? Return your answer as an array of ints, where `answer[0] = p` and `answer[1] = q`.

**Examples:**

**Input:** A = [1, 2, 3, 5], K = 3

**Output:** [2, 5]

**Explanation:**

The fractions to be considered in sorted order are: 1/5, 1/3, 2/5, 1/2, 3/5, 2/3. The third fraction is 2/5.

**Input:** A = [1, 7], K = 1

**Output:** [1, 7]

**Note:**

* `A` will have length between `2` and `2000`.
* Each `A[i]` will be between `1` and `30000`.
* `K` will be between `1` and `A.length * (A.length - 1) / 2`.

## Solution
Use a priority queue to store the fractions, where the smallest fraction is polled first. Initially, offer all `[A[0], A[i]]` where `0 < i < A.length` to the priority queue. Since `A[0]` is 1 and the smallest fraction has a numerator 1, the smallest fraction is in the priority queue.

Then poll the smallest fraction from the priority queue for `K - 1` times. To ensure that the remaining smallest fraction is in the priority queue, each time a fraction is polled, try to find the next smallest fraction and offer it to the priority queue if it exists. Suppose the fraction polled is `[A[i], A[j]]` where `0 <= i < j < A.length`. If `i + 1 < j`, then offer the new fraction `[A[i + 1], A[j]]` to the priority queue.

After the `K - 1` times, the next element to be polled from the priority queue is the `K`-th smallest prime fraction, so return the fraction.
