# 68. Text Justification
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an array of words and a width *maxWidth*, format the text such that each line has exactly *maxWidth* characters and is fully (left and right) justified.

You should pack your words in a greedy approach; that is, pack as many words as you can in each line. Pad extra spaces `' '` when necessary so that each line has exactly *maxWidth* characters.

Extra spaces between words should be distributed as evenly as possible. If the number of spaces on a line do not divide evenly between words, the empty slots on the left will be assigned more spaces than the slots on the right.

For the last line of text, it should be left justified and no **extra** space is inserted between words.

**Note:**

* A word is defined as a character sequence consisting of non-space characters only.
* Each word's length is guaranteed to be greater than 0 and not exceed maxWidth.
* The input array `words` contains at least one word.

**Example 1:**
```
Input:
words = ["This", "is", "an", "example", "of", "text", "justification."]
maxWidth = 16
Output:
[
   "This    is    an",
   "example  of text",
   "justification.  "
]
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input:
words = ["What","must","be","acknowledgment","shall","be"]
maxWidth = 16
Output:
[
  "What   must   be",
  "acknowledgment  ",
  "shall be        "
]
Explanation: Note that the last line is "shall be    " instead of "shall     be", because the last line must be left-justified instead of fully-justified. Note that the second line is also left-justified becase it contains only one word.
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input:
words = ["Science","is","what","we","understand","well","enough","to","explain","to","a","computer.","Art","is","everything","else","we","do"]
maxWidth = 20
Output:
[
  "Science  is  what we",
  "understand      well",
  "enough to explain to",
  "a  computer.  Art is",
  "everything  else  we",
  "do                  "
]
```

## Solution
Use the greedy approach. Maintain a line of words and each time try to add a new word followed by a space. If adding a new word (without adding another space) will cause the total width to exceed *maxWidth*, then the new word can't be added to the current line, so do text justification for the current line, add the jusitified current line to the result list, and add the new word followed by a space in a new line.

When do justification, first remove the last space in the line, and then calculate the number of spaces to be added between each pair of words. Calculate the remaining spaces and the remaining splits, where the remaining splits equals the number of words in the line minus 1. For each split from right to left, the number of spaces to be added equals the remaining spaces divided by the remaining splits (use integer division). Add the spaces and update the remaining spaces and the remaining splits. Do the process until the remaining spaces becomes 0.

For the last line, remove the last space in the line, and append spaces at the end until the last line's width equals *maxWidth*.

Finally, return the result list.
