# 715. Range Module
## Level
Hard

## Description
A Range Module is a module that tracks ranges of numbers. Your task is to design and implement the following interfaces in an efficient manner.

* `addRange(int left, int right)` Adds the half-open interval `[left, right)`, tracking every real number in that interval. Adding an interval that partially overlaps with currently tracked numbers should add any numbers in the interval `[left, right)` that are not already tracked.
* `queryRange(int left, int right)` Returns true if and only if every real number in the interval `[left, right)` is currently being tracked.
* `removeRange(int left, int right)` Stops tracking every real number currently being tracked in the interval `[left, right)`.

**Example 1:**
```
addRange(10, 20): null
removeRange(14, 16): null
queryRange(10, 14): true (Every number in [10, 14) is being tracked)
queryRange(13, 15): false (Numbers like 14, 14.03, 14.17 in [13, 15) are not being tracked)
queryRange(16, 17): true (The number 16 in [16, 17) is still being tracked, despite the remove operation)
```

**Note:**

* A half open interval [left, right) denotes all real numbers `left <= x < right`.
* `0 < left < right < 10^9` in all calls to `addRange, queryRange, removeRange`.
* The total number of calls to `addRange` in a single test case is at most `1000`.
* The total number of calls to `queryRange` in a single test case is at most `5000`.
* The total number of calls to `removeRange` in a single test case is at most `1000`.

## Solution
Create a class `Interval` that represents intervals. Each object of `Interval` has data fields `start` and `end` that represents the start position and the end position. The intervals are compared according to `start` in ascending order and then according to `end` in ascending order.

In the class, maintain a tree set to store the intervals, where the intervals are sorted in ascending order.

For method `addRange(int left, int right)`, loop over all the intervals in the tree set. If an interval has intersection with the new interval `[left, right)` (which means the two intervals can be merged into a new interval), then update `left` and `right` to a larger interval, and remove the current interval from the tree set. If the current interval's `start` is greater than `right`, then break the loop. Add the new interval `[left, right)` (where the two values may be updated) to the tree set.

For method `queryRange(int left, int right)`, find the previous interval of the current interval `[left, right)` using `floor` method. If the previous interval exists and it contains the current interval, return `true`. Otherwise, find the next interval of the current interval using `ceiling` method. If the next interval exists and it contains the current interval, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.

For method `removeRange(int left, int right)`, loop over all the intervals in the tree set. If an interval has intersection with the removed interval `[left, right)` (which means the two intervals can be merged into a new interval), then remove the current interval from the tree set, and if there are existing intervals after removing the current interval, add the existing intervals to the tree set.
