# 337. House Robber III
## Level
Medium

## Description
The thief has found himself a new place for his thievery again. There is only one entrance to this area, called the "root." Besides the root, each house has one and only one parent house. After a tour, the smart thief realized that "all houses in this place forms a binary tree". It will automatically contact the police if two directly-linked houses were broken into on the same night.

Determine the maximum amount of money the thief can rob tonight without alerting the police.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: [3,2,3,null,3,null,1]

    [3]
    / \
   2   3
    \   \ 
    [3] [1]

Output: 7 
Explanation: Maximum amount of money the thief can rob = 3 + 3 + 1 = 7.
```
Example 2:
```
Input: [3,4,5,1,3,null,1]

     3
    / \
  [4] [5]
  / \   \ 
 1   3   1

Output: 9
Explanation: Maximum amount of money the thief can rob = 4 + 5 = 9.
```

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Since the houses form a binary tree, use bottom-up approach to get the answer.

Do breadth first search to obtain all the nodes, and loop over the nodes from bottom to top. For each node, use a 2D array `dp` to store the amount that can be robbed, where `dp[0]` represents the amount that can be robbed in the current subtree if the current house is not robbed, and `dp[1]` represents the amount that can be robbed in the current subtree if the current house is robbed. Here the term `subtree` means the subtree with the current house as the root.

Consider the following 4 cases.

1. If a node is a leaf, then `dp[0]` is 0 and `dp[1]` is the node's value.
2. If a node only has one child, then `dp[0]` is the maximum value in its single child's `dp` array, and `dp[1]` is the value `dp[0]` from its single child plus the node's value.
3. If a node has both children, then `dp[0]` is the sum of the maximum values of each child's `dp` array, and `dp[1]` is the sum of values `dp[0]` from both children plus the node's value.

Finally, when the root's `dp` array is calculated, return the maximum value of the root's `dp` array.
