# 90. Subsets II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a collection of integers that might contain duplicates, ***nums***, return all possible subsets (the power set).

**Note:** The solution set must not contain duplicate subsets.

**Example:**
```
Input: nums = [1,2,2]
Output:
[
  [2],
  [1],
  [1,2,2],
  [2,2],
  [1,2],
  []
]
```

## Solution
This problem is a follow-up problem of problem 78. The difference is that in this problem, the given integers might contain duplicates. This problem can be solved in a way similar to problem 78, but with some differences.

The counts of each number in the given integers should be counted before calculating subsets so that it can be determined whether a newly created set is a legal subset.

Start from the empty set, each time add one number to the previous set to create a new subset with a size increased by 1.

Use a queue to store the subsets that has just visited. Initially the empty set is added to the power set and offered to the queue.

Each time a previous subset is polled, get the index of the last element in the previous subset (in the order of the given array `nums`), and for each element after the last element in the previous subset, add the new element to the previous subset to create a new set. If the newly created set satisfies that the counts of each number in the current set is less than or equal to the counts of each number in the given integers, then this is a legal subset. If this is a legal subset, add the new subset to the power set and offer the new subset to the queue.
