# 694. Number of Distinct Islands
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a non-empty 2D array `grid` of 0's and 1's, an **island** is a group of `1`'s (representing land) connected 4-directionally (horizontal or vertical.) You may assume all four edges of the grid are surrounded by water.

Count the number of **distinct** islands. An island is considered to be the same as another if and only if one island can be translated (and not rotated or reflected) to equal the other.

**Example 1:**
```
11000
11000
00011
00011
```
Given the above grid map, return `1`.

**Example 2:**
```
11011
10000
00001
11011
```
Given the above grid map, return `3`.

Notice that:
```
11
1
```
and
```
 1
11
```
are considered different island shapes, because we do not consider reflection / rotation.

**Note:** The length of each dimension in the given `grid` does not exceed 50.

## Solution
Loop over `grid` and each time an unvisited land is met, do breadth first search starting from the unvisited land, and mark the land and all reachable lands as visited. After the step of search, an island is found.

How to determine the same of an island? For each land in the island, calculate its relative position to the start land. Since the order in breadth first search is determined (up, down, left, right), the order in which each land is visited is also determined. Therefore, store the relative positions of all lands in the order that they are visited, convert it into a string, and use a set to store the string. In the set, all distinct shapes of islands are stored. Finally, return the set's size.
