# 1982. Find Array Given Subset Sums
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an integer `n` representing the length of an unknown array that you are trying to recover. You are also given an array `sums` containing the values of all `2^n` **subset sums** of the unknown array (in no particular order).

Return *the array `ans` of length `n` representing the unknown array. If **multiple** answers exist, return **any** of them*.

An array `sub` is a **subset** of an array `arr` if `sub` can be obtained from `arr` by deleting some (possibly zero or all) elements of `arr`. The sum of the elements in sub is one possible **subset sum** of `arr`. The sum of an empty array is considered to be `0`.

**Note:** Test cases are generated such that there will **always** be at least one correct answer.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 3, sums = [-3,-2,-1,0,0,1,2,3]

**Output:** [1,2,-3]

**Explanation:** [1,2,-3] is able to achieve the given subset sums:
- []: sum is 0
- [1]: sum is 1
- [2]: sum is 2
- [1,2]: sum is 3
- [-3]: sum is -3
- [1,-3]: sum is -2
- [2,-3]: sum is -1
- [1,2,-3]: sum is 0

Note that any permutation of [1,2,-3] and also any permutation of [-1,-2,3] will also be accepted.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 2, sums = [0,0,0,0]

**Output:** [0,0]

**Explanation:** The only correct answer is [0,0].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 4, sums = [0,0,5,5,4,-1,4,9,9,-1,4,3,4,8,3,8]

**Output:** [0,-1,4,5]

**Explanation:** [0,-1,4,5] is able to achieve the given subset sums.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 15`
* `sums.length == 2^n`
* `-10^4 <= sums[i] <= 10^4`

## Solution
The minimum element in `sums` is the sum of all negative elements in the original array, and the difference between the second minimum element in `sums` and the minimum element in `sums` is the minimum absolute value among all elements in the original array. Use `minNum` to represent the element with the minimum absolute value. Divide `sums` into two parts such that one part is the result of adding `minNum` to each element in the other part. Repeat `n` times to recover the original array.
