# 750. Number Of Corner Rectangles
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a grid where each entry is only 0 or 1, find the number of corner rectangles.

A *corner rectangle* is 4 distinct 1s on the grid that form an axis-aligned rectangle. Note that only the corners need to have the value 1. Also, all four 1s used must be distinct.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: grid = 
[[1, 0, 0, 1, 0],
 [0, 0, 1, 0, 1],
 [0, 0, 0, 1, 0],
 [1, 0, 1, 0, 1]]
Output: 1
Explanation: There is only one corner rectangle, with corners grid[1][2], grid[1][4], grid[3][2], grid[3][4].
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: grid = 
[[1, 1, 1],
 [1, 1, 1],
 [1, 1, 1]]
Output: 9
Explanation: There are four 2x2 rectangles, four 2x3 and 3x2 rectangles, and one 3x3 rectangle.
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input: grid = 
[[1, 1, 1, 1]]
Output: 0
Explanation: Rectangles must have four distinct corners.
```

**Note:**

1. The number of rows and columns of `grid` will each be in the range `[1, 200]`.
2. Each `grid[i][j]` will be either `0` or `1`.
3. The number of `1`s in the grid will be at most `6000`.

## Solution
Use a map to store the number of column pairs `(j, k)` that both have 1. Concretely, for each key `(j, k)`, the map stores the number of rows `i` such that `grid[i][j] == 1` and `grid[i][k] == 1`. If for a determined pair `(j, k)`, there are `m` such rows, then the number of corner rectangles using column `j` and column `k` is `m * (m - 1) / 2`.

Since each column pair `(j, k)` uses one key, use an array to store `[j, k]` and convert the array into a string to generate the key for the column pair.

Loop over each row of `grid`. If there are several columns in the row that have value 1, then store all the columns, and select any two columns among these columns to form a column pair. For each column pair, update the row counts in the map.

After all cells of `grid` are visited, for each entry in the map, obtain the count, and calculate the total number of corner rectangles.
