# 1147. Longest Chunked Palindrome Decomposition
## Level
Hard

## Description
Return the largest possible `k` such that there exists `a_1, a_2, ..., a_k` such that:

* Each `a_i` is a non-empty string;
* Their concatenation `a_1 + a_2 + ... + a_k` is equal to `text`;
* For all `1 <= i <= k`, `a_i = a_{k+1 - i}`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** text = "ghiabcdefhelloadamhelloabcdefghi"

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** We can split the string on "(ghi)(abcdef)(hello)(adam)(hello)(abcdef)(ghi)".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** text = "merchant"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** We can split the string on "(merchant)".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** text = "antaprezatepzapreanta"

**Output:** 11

**Explanation:** We can split the string on "(a)(nt)(a)(pre)(za)(tpe)(za)(pre)(a)(nt)(a)".

**Example 4:**

**Input:** text = "aaa"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** We can split the string on "(a)(a)(a)".

**Constraints:**

* `text` consists only of lowercase English characters.
* `1 <= text.length <= 1000`

## Solution
Use two pointers. Initially, `low` and `high` point to the minimum index and the maximum index of `text` respectively. Also maintain the previous pointers `prevLow` and `prevHigh`, which are initially equal to `low` and `high` respectively.

Each time starting from `low`, look for the first character that equals the character at `high`. If such a character is found, loop in reversing order to find the longest chunk that can be covered. If the left side can be covered, increase the number of chunks by 2 and continue searching in a shorter substring. Otherwise, continue move the `low` to the right to look for a character that equals the character at `high`. Finally, if `prevLow <= prevHigh`, then a new chunk is added at the middle. Finally, return the number of chunks.
