# 1744. Can You Eat Your Favorite Candy on Your Favorite Day?
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a **(0-indexed)** array of positive integers `candiesCount` where `candiesCount[i]` represents the number of candies of the `i-th` type you have. You are also given a 2D array `queries` where `queries[i] = [favoriteType_i, favoriteDay_i, dailyCap_i]`.

You play a game with the following rules:

* You start eating candies on day `0`.
* You **cannot** eat **any** candy of type `i` unless you have eaten **all** candies of type `i - 1`.
* You must eat **at least one** candy per day until you have eaten all the candies.

Construct a boolean `array` answer such that `answer.length == queries.length` and `answer[i]` is `true` if you can eat a candy of type `favoriteType_i` on day `favoriteDay_i` without eating **more than** `dailyCap_i` candies on **any** day, and `false` otherwise. Note that you can eat different types of candy on the same day, provided that you follow rule 2.

Return *the constructed array `answer`*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** candiesCount = [7,4,5,3,8], queries = [[0,2,2],[4,2,4],[2,13,1000000000]]

**Output:** [true,false,true]

**Explanation:**

1- If you eat 2 candies (type 0) on day 0 and 2 candies (type 0) on day 1, you will eat a candy of type 0 on day 2.

2- You can eat at most 4 candies each day.

   If you eat 4 candies every day, you will eat 4 candies (type 0) on day 0 and 4 candies (type 0 and type 1) on day 1.

   On day 2, you can only eat 4 candies (type 1 and type 2), so you cannot eat a candy of type 4 on day 2.

3- If you eat 1 candy each day, you will eat a candy of type 2 on day 13.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** candiesCount = [5,2,6,4,1], queries = [[3,1,2],[4,10,3],[3,10,100],[4,100,30],[1,3,1]]

**Output:** [false,true,true,false,false]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= candiesCount.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= candiesCount[i] <= 10^5`
* `1 <= queries.length <= 10^5`
* `queries[i].length == 3`
* `0 <= favoriteType_i < candiesCount.length`
* `0 <= favoriteDay_i <= 10^9`
* `1 <= dailyCap_i <= 10^9`

## Solution
Calculate array `prefixSums`, where `prefixSums[i + 1] = prefixSums[i] + candiesCount[i + 1]` for `i >= 0`.

For each query that contains tuple `(type, day, capacity)`, the allowed range of number of candies is `[prefixSums[type] + 1, prefixSums[type + 1]]`, and the possible range of number of candies is `[day + 1, (day + 1) * capacity]`. The query is `true` if and only if the intersection of the two ranges is non-empty.

Finally, return the array of query results.
