# 801. Minimum Swaps To Make Sequences Increasing
## Level
Medium

## Description
We have two integer sequences `A` and `B` of the same non-zero length.

We are allowed to swap elements `A[i]` and `B[i]`. Note that both elements are in the same index position in their respective sequences.

At the end of some number of swaps, `A` and `B` are both strictly increasing. (A sequence is *strictly increasing* if and only if `A[0] < A[1] < A[2] < ... < A[A.length - 1]`.)

Given A and B, return the minimum number of swaps to make both sequences strictly increasing.  It is guaranteed that the given input always makes it possible.

**Example:**

**Input:** A = [1,3,5,4], B = [1,2,3,7]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Swap A[3] and B[3]. Then the sequences are: A = [1, 3, 5, 7] and B = [1, 2, 3, 4] which are both strictly increasing.

**Note:**

* `A, B` are arrays with the same length, and that length will be in the range `[1, 1000]`.
* `A[i], B[i]` are integer values in the range `[0, 2000]`.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Use `countNoSwap` and `countSwap` to represent the minimum number of swaps such that the current element is not swapped and the current element is swapped, respectively.

Let `length` be the length of `A` and `B`. For `i` from 1 to `length - 1`, check the values `A[i - 1]`, `A[i]`, `B[i - 1]` and `B[i]`. Let `curCountNoSwap` and `curCountSwap` be the minimum number of swaps at the current index, with the same meaning as `countNoSwap` and `countSwap`. Consider the following two cases. Both cases need to be considered for each index.

1. When `A[i - 1] < A[i]` and `B[i - 1] < B[i]`. If the numbers at index `i - 1` are not swapped, the numbers at index `i` needn't be swapped. If the numbers at index `i - 1` are swapped, the numbers at index `i` need to be swapped as well. So `curCountNoSwap = Math.min(curCountNoSwap, countNoSwap)` and `curCountSwap = Math.min(curCountSwap, countSwap + 1)`.
2. When `A[i - 1] < B[i]` and `B[i - 1] < A[i]`. Then either the numbers at index `i - 1` need to be swapped or the numbers at index `i` need to be swapped. So `curCountNoSwap = Math.min(curCountNoSwap, countSwap)` and `curCountSwap = Math.min(curCountSwap, countNoSwap + 1)`.

After one index is visited, update `countNoSwap = curCountNoSwap` and `countSwap = curCountSwap`.

Finally, return the minimum of `countNoSwap` and `countSwap`.
