# 1542. Find Longest Awesome Substring
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a string `s`. An *awesome* substring is a non-empty substring of `s` such that we can make any number of swaps in order to make it palindrome.

Return the length of the maximum length **awesome** substring of `s`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "3242415"

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** "24241" is the longest awesome substring, we can form the palindrome "24142" with some swaps.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "12345678"

**Output:** 1

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "213123"

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** "213123" is the longest awesome substring, we can form the palindrome "231132" with some swaps.

8*Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "00"

**Output:** 2

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `s` consists only of digits.

## Solution
For an awesome substring, at most one character occurs an odd number of times, and all other characters occur even numbers of times. Use an array to store whether each digit occurs an odd number of times or an even number of times. Since there are at most 10 digits, the different number of combinations of odd and even occurrences is at most 2^10 = 1024.

For each combination, store all the indices that have the combination. If index `i` has a combination, then it means that the substring from index 0 to index `i` (both inclusive) has the combination.

Then loop over `s` in backward direction. For each index, first check whether the index's combination is that 0 or 1 digit occurs an odd number of times. If so, then the substring from index 0 to the current index is an awesome substring, so update the maximum length. Otherwise, check whether the current combination has occured before, and whether each combination by changing one digit has occured before. If so, find the first occurrence of such a combination, and update the maximum length.
