# 1817. Finding the Users Active Minutes
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given the logs for users' actions on LeetCode, and an integer `k`. The logs are represented by a 2D integer array `logs` where each `logs[i] = [ID_i, time_i]` indicates that the user with `ID_i` performed an action at the minute `time_i`.

**Multiple users** can perform actions simultaneously, and a single user can perform **multiple actions** in the same minute.

The **user active minutes (UAM)** for a given user is defined as the **number of unique minutes** in which the user performed an action on LeetCode. A minute can only be counted once, even if multiple actions occur during it.

You are to calculate a **1-indexed** array `answer` of size `k` such that, for each `j` (`1 <= j <= k`), `answer[j]` is the **number of users** whose **UAM** equals `j`.

Return *the array `answer` as described above*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** logs = [[0,5],[1,2],[0,2],[0,5],[1,3]], k = 5

**Output:** [0,2,0,0,0]

**Explanation:**

The user with ID=0 performed actions at minutes 5, 2, and 5 again. Hence, they have a UAM of 2 (minute 5 is only counted once).

The user with ID=1 performed actions at minutes 2 and 3. Hence, they have a UAM of 2.

Since both users have a UAM of 2, answer[2] is 2, and the remaining answer[j] values are 0.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** logs = [[1,1],[2,2],[2,3]], k = 4

**Output:** [1,1,0,0]

**Explanation:**

The user with ID=1 performed a single action at minute 1. Hence, they have a UAM of 1.

The user with ID=2 performed actions at minutes 2 and 3. Hence, they have a UAM of 2.

There is one user with a UAM of 1 and one with a UAM of 2.

Hence, answer[1] = 1, answer[2] = 1, and the remaining values are 0.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= logs.length <= 10^4`
* `0 <= ID_i <= 10^9`
* `1 <= time_i <= 10^5`
* `k` is in the range `[The maximum UAM for a user, 10^5]`.

## Solution
Use a map to store each user's active minutes, where the active minutes are stored in a set. Then for each user, obtain the number of active minutes, and update the array `answer` accordingly. Finally, return `answer`.
