# 381. Insert Delete GetRandom O(1) - Duplicates allowed
## Level
Hard

## Description
Design a data structure that supports all following operations in *average* **O(1)** time.

**Note: Duplicate elements are allowed.**

1. `insert(val)`: Inserts an item val to the collection.
2. `remove(val)`: Removes an item val from the collection if present.
3. `getRandom`: Returns a random element from current collection of elements. The probability of each element being returned is **linearly related** to the number of same value the collection contains.

**Example:**
```
// Init an empty collection.
RandomizedCollection collection = new RandomizedCollection();

// Inserts 1 to the collection. Returns true as the collection did not contain 1.
collection.insert(1);

// Inserts another 1 to the collection. Returns false as the collection contained 1. Collection now contains [1,1].
collection.insert(1);

// Inserts 2 to the collection, returns true. Collection now contains [1,1,2].
collection.insert(2);

// getRandom should return 1 with the probability 2/3, and returns 2 with the probability 1/3.
collection.getRandom();

// Removes 1 from the collection, returns true. Collection now contains [1,2].
collection.remove(1);

// getRandom should return 1 and 2 both equally likely.
collection.getRandom();
```

## Solution
To make all operations be done in average O(1) time, use a list and a hash map that maps each value to a linked hash set.

For the constructor, initialize the list and the map.

For `insert(val)`, obtain the linked hash set from the map using `val`, add the current index to the linked hash set, add `val` to the list, and return `true` if and only if the linked hash set's size equals 1.

For `remove(val)`, obtain the linked hash set from the map using `val`. If the linked hash set's size is 0, return `false`. Otherwise, obtain the next index from the linked hash set and remove it, use the last element in the list to replace the element that is removed, and update the linked hash set of the last element accordingly.

For `getRandom`, get a random index from the list, and obtain the element at the random index from the list.
