# 297. Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree
## Level
Hard

## Description
Serialization is the process of converting a data structure or object into a sequence of bits so that it can be stored in a file or memory buffer, or transmitted across a network connection link to be reconstructed later in the same or another computer environment.

Design an algorithm to serialize and deserialize a binary tree. There is no restriction on how your serialization/deserialization algorithm should work. You just need to ensure that a binary tree can be serialized to a string and this string can be deserialized to the original tree structure.

**Example:**
```
You may serialize the following tree:

    1
   / \
  2   3
     / \
    4   5

as "[1,2,3,null,null,4,5]"
`````
**Clarification:** The above format is the same as [how LeetCode serializes a binary tree](https://leetcode-cn.com/faq/#binary-tree). You do not necessarily need to follow this format, so please be creative and come up with different approaches yourself.

**Note:** Do not use class member/global/static variables to store states. Your serialize and deserialize algorithms should be stateless.

## Solution
This solution uses a serilization similar to the LeetCode's serialization, but with some difference.

1. Serialization

If the tree is empty, return an empty string.

Do binary search on the tree. Each time a node is met, if it is `null`, then append `"null"` to the serialization string. If the node is not `null`, then append its value to the serialization string, and offer its both children to the queue for the next level's search (no matter whether the children are actual nodes or `null`). All terms in the serialization string are split by a `,`.

2. Deserialization

If the serialization string is empty, return `null`.

Split the serialization string using `,`. Each term is either a value of a node or `null`. Initialize the root node using the first term as the root's value. Also initialize the parent index to 0. Starting from the second term, create a node with the given value or a `null` node if the value is `null`, obtain its parent using the parent index, and set the current node to be its parent's left child or right child (set it to the right child if the parent's left child is occupied). If the node at the parent index has both children occupied, then increase the parent index by 1 each time until the node at the parent index is not `null`. Finally, return the root.
