# 662. Maximum Width of Binary Tree
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary tree, write a function to get the maximum width of the given tree. The width of a tree is the maximum width among all levels. The binary tree has the same structure as a **full binary tree**, but some nodes are null.

The width of one level is defined as the length between the end-nodes (the leftmost and right most non-null nodes in the level, where the null nodes between the end-nodes are also counted into the length calculation.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: 

           1
         /   \
        3     2
       / \     \  
      5   3     9 

Output: 4
Explanation: The maximum width existing in the third level with the length 4 (5,3,null,9).
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: 

          1
         /  
        3    
       / \       
      5   3     

Output: 2
Explanation: The maximum width existing in the third level with the length 2 (5,3).
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input: 

          1
         / \
        3   2 
       /        
      5      

Output: 2
Explanation: The maximum width existing in the second level with the length 2 (3,2).
```
**Example 4:**
```
Input: 

          1
         / \
        3   2
       /     \  
      5       9 
     /         \
    6           7
Output: 8
Explanation:The maximum width existing in the fourth level with the length 8 (6,null,null,null,null,null,null,7).
```

**Note:** Answer will in the range of 32-bit signed integer.

## Solution
If the binary tree is empty, then the maximum width is 0.

Do binary search, where all the nodes in the same level are visited at each step. For each node, use a number to represent the node's position. The root has a number 0. If a node has number `n`, then its left child has number `n * 2 + 1` and its right child has number `n * 2 + 2`. For each level, find the leftmost node's number `leftmost` and the rightmost node's number `rightmost`, and the maximum width in the current level is `rightmost - leftmost + 1`. If the maximum width in the current level is greater than the maximum width in the binary tree, then update the maximum width in the binary tree. After all the nodes are visited, the maximum width of the binary tree is obtained, and return the maximum width.
