# 1140. Stone Game II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Alex and Lee continue their games with piles of stones. There are a number of piles **arranged in a row**, and each pile has a positive integer number of stones `piles[i]`. The objective of the game is to end with the most stones. 

Alex and Lee take turns, with Alex starting first. Initially, `M = 1`.

On each player's turn, that player can take **all the stones** in the **first** `X` remaining piles, where `1 <= X <= 2M`. Then, we set `M = max(M, X)`.

The game continues until all the stones have been taken.

Assuming Alex and Lee play optimally, return the maximum number of stones Alex can get.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** piles = [2,7,9,4,4]

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** If Alex takes one pile at the beginning, Lee takes two piles, then Alex takes 2 piles again. Alex can get 2 + 4 + 4 = 10 piles in total. If Alex takes two piles at the beginning, then Lee can take all three piles left. In this case, Alex get 2 + 7 = 9 piles in total. So we return 10 since it's larger. 

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= piles.length <= 100`
* `1 <= piles[i] <= 10 ^ 4`

## Solution
First calculate the rear sums of each element in `piles`. Suppose `length = piles.length`. Create an array `rearSums` of length `length`, where `rearSums[length - 1] = piles[length - 1]`, and `rearSums[i] = rearSums[i + 1] + piles[i]` for `0 <= i < length - 1`.

Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` of `length + 1` rows and `length` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum number of stones Alex can get when starting from tile `i` and `M = j + 1`.

Loop over `i` from `length - 1` to 0 and loop over `j` from `length - 1` to 0. For each pair `(i, j)`, Alex can take all the stones from `piles[i]` to `piles[k]`, where `i <= k < length` and `k - i + 1 <= 2 * (j + 1)`. Calculate the maximum number of stones Alex can take among all possible values of `k`.

Finally, return `dp[0][0]`.
