# 10. Regular Expression Matching
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an input string (`s`) and a pattern (`p`), implement regular expression matching with support for `'.'` and `'*'`.
```
'.' Matches any single character.
'*' Matches zero or more of the preceding element.
```
The matching should cover the **entire** input string (not partial).

**Note:**

* `s` could be empty and contains only lowercase letters `a-z`.
* `p` could be empty and contains only lowercase letters `a-z`, and characters like `.` or `*`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

s = "aa"

p = "a"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** "a" does not match the entire string "aa".

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

s = "aa"

p = "a*"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** '*' means zero or more of the preceding element, 'a'. Therefore, by repeating 'a' once, it becomes "aa".

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

s = "ab"

p = ".*"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** ".*" means "zero or more (*) of any character (.)".

**Example 4:**

**Input:**

s = "aab"

p = "c*a*b"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** c can be repeated 0 times, a can be repeated 1 time. Therefore, it matches "aab".

**Example 5:**

**Input:**

s = "mississippi"

p = "mis*is*p*."

**Output:** false

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. This solution uses bottom-up approach.

Let `sLength` and `pLength` to be `s.length()` and `p.length()` respectively. Create a 2D array `dp` of boolean type with `sLength + 1` rows and `pLength + 1` columns. The element `dp[i][j]` represents whether the substring of `s` starting from index `i` and the substring of `p` starting from index `j` match. Initialize `dp[sLength][pLength]` as `true` since `s` and `p` match if they are both empty.

For indices `i` and `j`, `dp[i][j]` is determined as follows. First check whether the current characters match, that is whether the character at index `i` of `s` equals the character at index `j` of `p`, or the character at index `j` of `p` is `.`. Next check whether the character after index `j` of `p` is `*`, that is whether the character at index `j + 1` of `p` is `*`. If so, since `*` may match zero elements, `dp[i][j]` is `true` if `dp[i][j + 2]` is true. Also if the current characters match and indices `i + 1` and `j` match, then `dp[i][j]` is true.

If the character at index `j + 1` of `p` is not `*`, then simply check whether the current characters match and the substrings of `s` from index `i + 1` and `p` from index `j + 1` match, and `dp[i][j]` is `true` if and only if the current characters match and `dp[i + 1][j + 1]` is `true`.

Finally, return `dp[0][0]`, which represents whether the entire string `s` and the entire pattern `p` matches.
