# 1262. Greatest Sum Divisible by Three
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `nums` of integers, we need to find the maximum possible sum of elements of the array such that it is divisible by three.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [3,6,5,1,8]

**Output:** 18

**Explanation:** Pick numbers 3, 6, 1 and 8 their sum is 18 (maximum sum divisible by 3).

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [4]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** Since 4 is not divisible by 3, do not pick any number.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,3,4,4]

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** Pick numbers 1, 3, 4 and 4 their sum is 12 (maximum sum divisible by 3).

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 4 * 10^4`
* `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^4`

## Solution
If `nums` is `null` or has length 0, then return 0.

This problem can be solved in another way. Find the minimum possible sum of elements of the array such that the result of the sum of the array minus this minimum possible sum of elements of the array is divisible by three.

Sort the array `nums`. Then loop over `nums`, calculate the sum of all elements of the array, and use two lists `ones` and `twos` to store the elements that have remainder 1 and 2 when divided by 3, respectively.

If the sum of all elements of the array is divisible by 3, then return the sum, since all the elements are positive and this sum is the maximum possible sum.

If the sum of all elements of the array has remainder 1 when divided by 3, then either select the one minimum element from `ones` and remove the element from the array or select the two minimum elements from `twos` and remove the elements from the array, and the sum after removal is the maximum possible sum. If this is impossible, return 0.

If the sum of all elements of the array has remainder 2 when divided by 3, then either select the two minimum elements from `ones` and remove the elements from the array or select the one minimum element from `twos` and remove the element from the array, and the sum after removal is the maximum possible sum. If this is impossible, return 0.
