# 527. Word Abbreviation
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an array of n distinct non-empty strings, you need to generate **minimal** possible abbreviations for every word following rules below.

1. Begin with the first character and then the number of characters abbreviated, which followed by the last character.
2. If there are any conflict, that is more than one words share the same abbreviation, a longer prefix is used instead of only the first character until making the map from word to abbreviation become unique. In other words, a final abbreviation cannot map to more than one original words.
3. If the abbreviation doesn't make the word shorter, then keep it as original.

**Example:**

**Input:** ["like", "god", "internal", "me", "internet", "interval", "intension", "face", "intrusion"]

**Output:** ["l2e","god","internal","me","i6t","interval","inte4n","f2e","intr4n"]

**Note:**
1. Both n and the length of each word will not exceed 400.
2. The length of each word is greater than 1.
3. The words consist of lowercase English letters only.
4. The return answers should be **in the same order** as the original array.

## Solution
Use a trie that stores all the words from `dict`. For each node in the trie, maintain a data field that stores the counts of each abbreviation.

For each word in `dict`, if its length does not exceed 3, then the abbreviation won't make the word shorter, so keep it as original. Otherwise, find the shortest prefix that won't cause any conflict, which means the abbreviation using the prefix occurs only once. Generate the abbreviation using the shortest prefix. If the abbreviation is shorter than the original word, then replace the original word with the abbreviation.
