# 1439. Find the Kth Smallest Sum of a Matrix With Sorted Rows
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an `m * n` matrix, `mat`, and an integer `k`, which has its rows sorted in non-decreasing order.

You are allowed to choose exactly 1 element from each row to form an array. Return the Kth **smallest** array sum among all possible arrays.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** mat = [[1,3,11],[2,4,6]], k = 5

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** Choosing one element from each row, the first k smallest sum are:
[1,2], [1,4], [3,2], [3,4], [1,6]. Where the 5th sum is 7.  

**Example 2:**

**Input:** mat = [[1,3,11],[2,4,6]], k = 9

**Output:** 17

**Example 3:**

**Input:** mat = [[1,10,10],[1,4,5],[2,3,6]], k = 7

**Output:** 9

**Explanation:** Choosing one element from each row, the first k smallest sum are:
[1,1,2], [1,1,3], [1,4,2], [1,4,3], [1,1,6], [1,5,2], [1,5,3]. Where the 7th sum is 9.  

**Example 4:**

**Input:** mat = [[1,1,10],[2,2,9]], k = 7

**Output:** 12

**Constraints:**

* `m == mat.length`
* `n == mat.length[i]`
* `1 <= m, n <= 40`
* `1 <= k <= min(200, n ^ m)`
* `1 <= mat[i][j] <= 5000`
* `mat[i]` is a non decreasing array.

## Solution
The basic idea is to use brute force. However, since `m ^ n` can be very large, using brute force directly will cause time limit exceeded. Therefore, optimization is needed.

Create an array `indices` of length `m` where each element is between 0 and `n - 1`, such that `indices[i]` represents the `indices[i]`-th element of `mat[i]` is selected. Initially, all elements in `indices` are 0 such that the sum is minimized.

Each time calculate the sum using `indices` and `mat`, and update `indices` to the next state. The array `indices` is updated as follows. First increase `indices[0]` by 1. If `indices[0] >= n`, then subtract `n` from `indices[0]` and increase `indices[1]` by 1, and the process is repeated until no elements in `indices` is greater than or equal to `n`. If the last element in `indices`, which is `indices[m - 1]`, is greater than or equal to `n`, then the last state has been reached and no more states available.

For each state of `indices`, the corresponding sum of `mat` can be calculated. Use a priority queue to store the sums, where at most `k` elements are stored and the maximum element is polled first. For the first `k` elements, directly offer them into the priority queue. For the remaining elements, if the element is less than the top element of the priority queue, then offer it into the priority queue, poll one element from the priority queue and update the state of `indices` in the normal way. Otherwise, do not offer the element into the priority queue, and update the state of `indices` in the optimized way.

The optimized way of updating `indices` works as follows. Find the smallest index `index` in `indices` such that `indices[index] > 0`, set `indices[index] = 0`, increase `index` by 1, and increase `indices[index]` by 1. If `indices[index] >= n`, then update the remaining elements in `indices` accordingly, as in the normal way. Since all rows in `mat` are sorted, increasing a single element in `indices` will make the sum unchanged or increased, so if `indices[i]` is increased where `i < index`, the sum cannot be less than the current sum, so the states are skipped.

Finally, return the top element of the priority queue.
