# 92. Reverse Linked List II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Reverse a linked list from position *m* to *n*. Do it in one-pass.

**Note:** 1 ¡Ü *m* ¡Ü *n* ¡Ü length of list.

**Example:**

**Input:** 1->2->3->4->5->NULL, *m* = 2, *n* = 4

**Output:** 1->4->3->2->5->NULL

## Solution
This problem is a follow-up problem for problem 206. In this problem, only the nodes from position *m* to *n* should be reversed, and the reverse operation should be done in one-pass. The iterative solution for problem 206 can be adapted here, with some modification.

Obviously, if the list is null, or there is only one element in the list, or position `m` is the same as position `n`, then no reverse needs to be done and just return the original list.

Since the head may also be reversed, create a `dummyHead` whose next pointer points to `head`. Find the reverse start node, the reverse end node, the last node before reverse and the first node after reverse, and then do the reverse operation.

For example, for linked list 1->2->3->4->5->NULL, *m* = 2, *n* = 4, the reverse start node is 2, the reverse end node is 4, the last node before reverse is 1, and the first node after reverse is 5.

Like the iterative solution for problem 206, use two pointers `prev` and `curr` to do the iteration. After the loop, set the last node before reverse to point to the reverse end node (which is the start of the reverse part after reverse), and set the reverse start node (which is the end of the reverse part after reverse) to point to the first node after reverse.

Finally, return `dummyHead.next`.
