# 964. Least Operators to Express Number
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a single positive integer `x`, we will write an expression of the form `x (op1) x (op2) x (op3) x ...` where each operator `op1`, `op2`, etc. is either addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division (`+`, `-`, `*`, or `/`). For example, with `x = 3`, we might write `3 * 3 / 3 + 3 - 3` which is a value of `3`.

When writing such an expression, we adhere to the following conventions:

1. The division operator (/) returns rational numbers.
2. There are no parentheses placed anywhere.
3. We use the usual order of operations: multiplication and division happens before addition and subtraction.
4. It's not allowed to use the unary negation operator (`-`). For example, "`x - x`" is a valid expression as it only uses subtraction, but "`-x + x`" is not because it uses negation.

We would like to write an expression with the least number of operators such that the expression equals the given target.  Return the least number of operators used.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** x = 3, target = 19

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** 3 * 3 + 3 * 3 + 3 / 3. The expression contains 5 operations.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** x = 5, target = 501

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** 5 * 5 * 5 * 5 - 5 * 5 * 5 + 5 / 5.  The expression contains 8 operations.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** x = 100, target = 100000000

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** 100 * 100 * 100 * 100.  The expression contains 3 operations.

**Note:**

* `2 <= x <= 100`
* `1 <= target <= 2 * 10^8`

## Solution
Obviously, division is only needed when a 1 is needed. This problem can be solved using dynamic programming. First represent `target` in base `x` representation, with an array `nums` created. Then consider whether each term in base `x` representation can be reversed. For each term, calculate the number of operators when it is not reversed and when it is reversed. If the latter has fewer operators, then the term should be reversed, and the higher term will be affected.

Create an array `dp`, where `dp[i]` represents the difference between the number of operators in forward representation and the number of operators in backward representation. The last term in `dp` is `Integer.MAX_VALUE`. For the `i`-th term where `i` starts from 0, let `count = i` if `i > 0` or `count = 2` if `i == 0`, and calculate `forward = nums[i] * count` and `backward = (x - nums[i]) * count + Math.min(dp[i + 1] - i - 1, i + 1)`. Then add the minimium of `forward` and `backward` to the total number of operators, and set `dp[i] = Math.max(0, backward - forward)`. Finally, return the total number of operators.
