# 438. Find All Anagrams in a String
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string **s** and a **non-empty** string **p**, find all the start indices of **p**'s anagrams in **s**.

Strings consists of lowercase English letters only and the length of both strings **s** and **p** will not be larger than 20,100.

The order of output does not matter.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

s: "cbaebabacd" p: "abc"

**Output:**

[0, 6]

**Explanation:**

The substring with start index = 0 is "cba", which is an anagram of "abc".

The substring with start index = 6 is "bac", which is an anagram of "abc".

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

s: "abab" p: "ab"

**Output:**

[0, 1, 2]

**Explanation:**

The substring with start index = 0 is "ab", which is an anagram of "ab".

The substring with start index = 1 is "ba", which is an anagram of "ab".

The substring with start index = 2 is "ab", which is an anagram of "ab".

## Solution
Two strings are anagrams of each other if and only if for each letter, the counts of the letter in both strings are the same.

Calculate the counts of each letter in `p`. For each substring of `s` that has length equal to `p.length()`, calculate the counts of each letter in the substring. If the counts of letters of the substring are the same as the counts of letters of `p`, then the substring is an anagram of `p`.

Use the idea of sliding window. Initially, the substring starts at index 0 of `s`. Each time the substring moves one step forward. To update the counts of each letter in the substring, just obtain the first character in the previous substring and decrease the count of the character by 1, and obtain the last character in the new substring and increase the count of the character by 1.
