# 1410. HTML Entity Parser
## Level
Medium

## Description
**HTML entity parser** is the parser that takes HTML code as input and replace all the entities of the special characters by the characters itself.

The special characters and their entities for HTML are:

* **Quotation Mark:** the entity is `&quot;` and symbol character is `"`.
* **Single Quote Mark:** the entity is `&apos;` and symbol character is `'`.
* **Ampersand:** the entity is `&amp;` and symbol character is `&`.
* **Greater Than Sign:** the entity is `&gt;` and symbol character is `>`.
* **Less Than Sign:** the entity is `&lt;` and symbol character is `<`.
* **Slash:** the entity is `&frasl;` and symbol character is `/`.

Given the input `text` string to the HTML parser, you have to implement the entity parser.

Return *the text* after replacing the entities by the special characters.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** text = "&amp; is an HTML entity but &ambassador; is not."

**Output:** "& is an HTML entity but &ambassador; is not."

**Explanation:** The parser will replace the &amp; entity by &

**Example 2:**

**Input:** text = "and I quote: &quot;...&quot;"

**Output:** "and I quote: \"...\""

**Example 3:**

**Input:** text = "Stay home! Practice on Leetcode :)"

**Output:** "Stay home! Practice on Leetcode :)"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** text = "x &gt; y &amp;&amp; x &lt; y is always false"

**Output:** "x > y && x < y is always false"

**Example 5:**

**Input:** text = "leetcode.com&frasl;problemset&frasl;all"

**Output:** "leetcode.com/problemset/all"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= text.length <= 10^5`
* The string may contain any possible characters out of all the 256 ASCII characters.

## Solution
An entity represents a special character only if the entity starts with a `&` and ends with a `;`. Loop over `text` from left to right and use `flag` to represent whether the current position is in a possible entity that represents a special character. The value of `flag` is `true` if and only if a `&` is met but a `;` is not met yet. If `flag` is false, then change `flag` to `true` if and only if a `&` is met, or append the current character to the parsed string. If `flag` is `true`, then if the current character is not a `;`, then append it to the entity, and if the current character is a `;`, then change `flag` to `false` and convert the entity into a special character if it represents a special character, or remain the entity string unchanged, and append it to the parsed string. Finally, return the parsed string.
