# 332. Reconstruct Itinerary
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a list of airline tickets represented by pairs of departure and arrival airports `[from, to]`, reconstruct the itinerary in order. All of the tickets belong to a man who departs from `JFK`. Thus, the itinerary must begin with `JFK`.

**Note:**

1. If there are multiple valid itineraries, you should return the itinerary that has the smallest lexical order when read as a single string. For example, the itinerary ["JFK", "LGA"] has a smaller lexical order than ["JFK", "LGB"].
2. All airports are represented by three capital letters (IATA code).
3. You may assume all tickets form at least one valid itinerary.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [["MUC", "LHR"], ["JFK", "MUC"], ["SFO", "SJC"], ["LHR", "SFO"]]

**Output:** ["JFK", "MUC", "LHR", "SFO", "SJC"]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [["JFK","SFO"],["JFK","ATL"],["SFO","ATL"],["ATL","JFK"],["ATL","SFO"]]

**Output:** ["JFK","ATL","JFK","SFO","ATL","SFO"]

**Explanation:** Another possible reconstruction is ["JFK","SFO","ATL","JFK","ATL","SFO"]. But it is larger in lexical order.

## Solution
For each source airport, use a priority queue to store all the destination airports starting from the source airport, where the elements in the priority queue are sorted in lexical order. Use depth first search. Starting from `JFK`, each time poll one element from the priority queue, which is the destination airport. If the destination airport does not have any next airport, add it to the result list. Otherwise, push the destination airport into a stack. Finally, reverse the result list and return.
