# 1985. Find the Kth Largest Integer in the Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given an array of strings `nums` and an integer `k`. Each string in `nums` represents an integer without leading zeros.

Return the string that represents the `k-th` **largest integer** in `nums`.

**Note:** Duplicate numbers should be counted distinctly. For example, if `nums` is `["1","2","2"]`, `"2"` is the first largest integer, `"2"` is the second-largest integer, and `"1"` is the third-largest integer.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = ["3","6","7","10"], k = 4

**Output:** "3"

**Explanation:**

The numbers in nums sorted in non-decreasing order are ["3","6","7","10"].
The 4th largest integer in nums is "3".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = ["2","21","12","1"], k = 3

**Output:** "2"

**Explanation:**

The numbers in nums sorted in non-decreasing order are ["1","2","12","21"].
The 3rd largest integer in nums is "2".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = ["0","0"], k = 2

**Output:** "0"

**Explanation:**

The numbers in nums sorted in non-decreasing order are ["0","0"].
The 2nd largest integer in nums is "0".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= k <= nums.length <= 10^4`
* `1 <= nums[i].length <= 100`
* `nums[i]` consists of only digits.
* `nums[i]` will not have any leading zeros.

## Solution
Since all numbers in `nums` will not have any leading zeros, treat the strings as numbers. To compare two numbers, first compare the lengths and then compare the contents if they have the same length. Sort `nums` according to the numbers in ascending order, and return the `k`-th element from the end of `nums`.
