# 1089. Duplicate Zeros
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a fixed length array `arr` of integers, duplicate each occurrence of zero, shifting the remaining elements to the right.

Note that elements beyond the length of the original array are not written.

Do the above modifications to the input array **in place**, do not return anything from your function.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,0,2,3,0,4,5,0]

**Output:** null

**Explanation:** After calling your function, the **input** array is modified to: [1,0,0,2,3,0,0,4]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,2,3]

**Output:** null

**Explanation:** After calling your function, the **input** array is modified to: [1,2,3]

**Note:**

1. `1 <= arr.length <= 10000`
2. `0 <= arr[i] <= 9`

## Solution
Use two pointers `slow` and `fast`, which are both 0 initially. Each time check the number at `slow`, and move `slow` one step forward. If the number is 0, then move `fast` two steps forward. Otherwise, move `fast` one step forward. Continue the process until `fast` is greater than or equal to `arr.length`.

If `fast == slow`, then there are no zeros in the array, so return. If the number at `slow` is 0, then move `fast` one further step forward.

Then move `fast` back into the index range of `arr`. Each time check the number at `slow` and move `slow` one step backward. If the number is 0, then move `fast` two steps backward. If `fast == arr.length - 2` after moving two steps, then set `arr[length - 1] = 0`. If the number is not 0, then move `fast` one step backward.

Then modify the elements in `arr` to make all zeros duplicated. While `fast > slow`, there are remaining zeros that need to be duplicated. Each time check the number at `slow` and move `slow` one step backward. Set the element at `fast` to be the number and move `fast` one step backward. If the number is 0, then do the same thing to the element at `fast` again.
