# 473. Matchsticks to Square
## Level
Medium

## Description
Remember the story of Little Match Girl? By now, you know exactly what matchsticks the little match girl has, please find out a way you can make one square by using up all those matchsticks. You should not break any stick, but you can link them up, and each matchstick must be used **exactly** one time.

Your input will be several matchsticks the girl has, represented with their stick length. Your output will either be true or false, to represent whether you could make one square using all the matchsticks the little match girl has.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,1,2,2,2]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** You can form a square with length 2, one side of the square came two sticks with length 1.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [3,3,3,3,4]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** You cannot find a way to form a square with all the matchsticks.

**Note:**
1. The length sum of the given matchsticks is in the range of `0` to `10^9`.
2. The length of the given matchstick array will not exceed `15`.

## Solution
First calculate the sum of all the matchsticks. If the sum is not divisible by 4, then it is impossible to make one square using all the matchsticks, so return `false`.

Calculate the side length of the square. Then use backtrack. Initially, none of the matchsticks are used. Each time try to select a matchstick that hasn't been used. If adding the selected matchstick makes the current side's length exceed the side length of the square, then do not use the matchstick. Otherwise, if the current side's length equals the side length of the square, then a side is formed successfully, and move on to the next side. If the current side's length is less than the side length of the square, then continue with the current side with the updated length. If there exists at least one solution to make one square, then return `false`. If no solution is found, return `false`.
