# 1774. Closest Dessert Cost
## Level
Medium

## Description
You would like to make dessert and are preparing to buy the ingredients. You have `n` ice cream base flavors and `m` types of toppings to choose from. You must follow these rules when making your dessert:

* There must be **exactly one** ice cream base.
* You can add **one or more** types of topping or have no toppings at all.
* There are **at most two** of **each type** of topping.

You are given three inputs:

* `baseCosts`, an integer array of length `n`, where each `baseCosts[i]` represents the price of the `i-th` ice cream base flavor.
* `toppingCosts`, an integer array of length `m`, where each `toppingCosts[i]` is the price of **one** of the `i-th` topping.
* `target`, an integer representing your target price for dessert.

You want to make a dessert with a total cost as close to `target` as possible.

Return *the closest possible cost of the dessert to `target`*. If there are multiple, *return the **lower** one*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** baseCosts = [1,7], toppingCosts = [3,4], target = 10

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** Consider the following combination (all 0-indexed):
- Choose base 1: cost 7
- Take 1 of topping 0: cost 1 x 3 = 3
- Take 0 of topping 1: cost 0 x 4 = 0

Total: 7 + 3 + 0 = 10.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** baseCosts = [2,3], toppingCosts = [4,5,100], target = 18

**Output:** 17

**Explanation:** Consider the following combination (all 0-indexed):
- Choose base 1: cost 3
- Take 1 of topping 0: cost 1 x 4 = 4
- Take 2 of topping 1: cost 2 x 5 = 10
- Take 0 of topping 2: cost 0 x 100 = 0

Total: 3 + 4 + 10 + 0 = 17. You cannot make a dessert with a total cost of 18.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** baseCosts = [3,10], toppingCosts = [2,5], target = 9

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** It is possible to make desserts with cost 8 and 10. Return 8 as it is the lower cost.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** baseCosts = [10], toppingCosts = [1], target = 1

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** Notice that you don't have to have any toppings, but you must have exactly one base.

**Constraints:**

* `n == baseCosts.length`
* `m == toppingCosts.length`
* `1 <= n, m <= 10`
* `1 <= baseCosts[i], toppingCosts[i] <= 10^4`
* `1 <= target <= 10^4`

## Solution
Loop over all possible combinations of `toppingCosts`, where each topping has count 0, 1 or 2. For each combination, calculate the total cost of toppings, and loop over `baseCosts` to calculate all possible values of total cost. Find the closest cost among all possible values and return the closest cost.
