# 464. Can I Win
## Level
Medium

## Description
In the "100 game", two players take turns adding, to a running total, any integer from 1..10. The player who first causes the running total to reach or exceed 100 wins.

What if we change the game so that players cannot re-use integers?

For example, two players might take turns drawing from a common pool of numbers of 1..15 without replacement until they reach a total >= 100.

Given an integer `maxChoosableInteger` and another integer `desiredTotal`, determine if the first player to move can force a win, assuming both players play optimally.

You can always assume that `maxChoosableInteger` will not be larger than 20 and `desiredTotal` will not be larger than 300.

**Example**

**Input:**

maxChoosableInteger = 10

desiredTotal = 11

**Output:**

false

**Explanation:**

No matter which integer the first player choose, the first player will lose.

The first player can choose an integer from 1 up to 10.

If the first player choose 1, the second player can only choose integers from 2 up to 10.

The second player will win by choosing 10 and get a total = 11, which is >= desiredTotal.

Same with other integers chosen by the first player, the second player will always win.

## Solution
Use depth first search. If the remaining total is 0 or less, then the result is `true`. Use `state` to store the numbers that have already been selected. Each time select a number that have not been selected. If the selected number is greater than or equal to the remaining total, return `true`. Otherwise, update `state` and do further search after selecting the number.

Use a map to store each state and the corresponding result. The map used here can reduce runtime if a state is already met before.
