# 189. Rotate Array
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given an array, rotate the array to the right by *k* steps, where *k* is non-negative.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,4,5,6,7] and k = 3

**Output:** [5,6,7,1,2,3,4]

**Explanation:**

rotate 1 steps to the right: [7,1,2,3,4,5,6]

rotate 2 steps to the right: [6,7,1,2,3,4,5]

rotate 3 steps to the right: [5,6,7,1,2,3,4]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [-1,-100,3,99] and k = 2

**Output:** [3,99,-1,-100]

**Explanation:**

rotate 1 steps to the right: [99,-1,-100,3]

rotate 2 steps to the right: [3,99,-1,-100]

**Note:**

* Try to come up as many solutions as you can, there are at least 3 different ways to solve this problem.
* Could you do it in-place with O(1) extra space?

## Solution
Let `length` be the length of the array. Rotating the array by `length` steps makes the array unchanged, so if `k` is greater than or equal to `length`, set `k` to `k % length`.

One solution is to reverse the array. First, reverse the entire array. Next, split the array into two parts, where the left part has length `k` and the right part has length `length - k`. Finally, reverse the left part and the right part respectively.

Why does this solution work? After reversing the entire array, the first `k` elements in the array are exactly the first `k` elements in the array after rotating, and the last `length - k` elements in the array are exactly the last `length - k` elements after rotating. Then reverse each part, and the elements in each part remain the original order since they are reversed twice.
