# 1309. Decrypt String from Alphabet to Integer Mapping
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a string `s` formed by digits (`'0'` - `'9'`) and `'#'`. We want to map `s` to English lowercase characters as follows:

Characters (`'a'` to `'i'`) are represented by (`'1'` to `'9'`) respectively.
Characters (`'j'` to `'z'`) are represented by (`'10#'` to `'26#'`) respectively.

Return the string formed after mapping.

It's guaranteed that a unique mapping will always exist.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "10#11#12"

**Output:** "jkab"

**Explanation:** "j" -> "10#" , "k" -> "11#" , "a" -> "1" , "b" -> "2".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "1326#"

**Output:** "acz"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "25#"

**Output:** "y"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "12345678910#11#12#13#14#15#16#17#18#19#20#21#22#23#24#25#26#"

**Output:** "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 1000`
* `s[i]` only contains digits letters (`'0'`-`'9'`) and `'#'` letter.
* `s` will be valid string such that mapping is always possible.

## Solution
Since two-digit numbers in `s` are always followed by a `'#'`, decrypting from the end of the string to the start of the string is better.

Loop over the string `s` from the end to the start. If a character is a `'#'`, then the `'#'` follows a two-digit number, so obtain the two-digit number before the `'#'` and get the corresponding letter, and move 3 steps towards the start (the move starts from the `'#'`). If a character is a digit, then it is a one-digit number, so simply get the corresponding letter, and move 1 step towards the start.

After the loop is over, the letters are decripted in the reversing order. To get the letters in the correct order, one way is to use a `Stack` to store the letters during decrypting, and after decrypting, pop the letters from the `Stack` and append them to the result string.
