# 1899. Merge Triplets to Form Target Triplet
## Level
Medium

## Description
A **triplet** is an array of three integers. You are given a 2D integer array `triplets`, where `triplets[i] = [a_i, b_i, c_i]` describes the `i-th` **triplet**. You are also given an integer array `target = [x, y, z]` that describes the **triplet** you want to obtain.

To obtain `target`, you may apply the following operation on `triplets` **any number** of times (possibly **zero**):

* Choose two indices (**0-indexed**) `i` and `j` (`i != j`) and **update** `triplets[j]` to become `[max(a_i, a_j), max(b_i, b_j), max(c_i, cj_)]`.
   * For example, if `triplets[i] = [2, 5, 3]` and `triplets[j] = [1, 7, 5]`, `triplets[j]` will be updated to `[max(2, 1), max(5, 7), max(3, 5)] = [2, 7, 5]`.

Return *`true` if it is possible to obtain the `target` **triplet** `[x, y, z]` as an **element** of `triplets`, or `false` otherwise*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** triplets = [[2,5,3],[1,8,4],[1,7,5]], target = [2,7,5]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Perform the following operations:
- Choose the first and last triplets [[2,5,3],[1,8,4],[1,7,5]]. Update the last triplet to be [max(2,1), max(5,7), max(3,5)] = [2,7,5]. triplets = [[2,5,3],[1,8,4],[2,7,5]]

The target triplet [2,7,5] is now an element of triplets.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** triplets = [[1,3,4],[2,5,8]], target = [2,5,8]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The target triplet [2,5,8] is already an element of triplets.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** triplets = [[2,5,3],[2,3,4],[1,2,5],[5,2,3]], target = [5,5,5]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Perform the following operations:
- Choose the first and third triplets [[2,5,3],[2,3,4],[1,2,5],[5,2,3]]. Update the third triplet to be [max(2,1), max(5,2), max(3,5)] = [2,5,5]. triplets = [[2,5,3],[2,3,4],[2,5,5],[5,2,3]].
- Choose the third and fourth triplets [[2,5,3],[2,3,4],[2,5,5],[5,2,3]]. Update the fourth triplet to be [max(2,5), max(5,2), max(5,3)] = [5,5,5]. triplets = [[2,5,3],[2,3,4],[2,5,5],[5,5,5]].

The target triplet [5,5,5] is now an element of triplets.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** triplets = [[3,4,5],[4,5,6]], target = [3,2,5]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It is impossible to have [3,2,5] as an element because there is no 2 in any of the triplets.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= triplets.length <= 10^5`
* `triplets[i].length == target.length == 3`
* `1 <= a_i, b_i, c_i, x, y, z <= 1000`

## Solution
Create an array `merged` of length 3 to store the merged triplet, where all elements in `merged` are 0 initially. Loop over `triplets`. For each `triplet` in `triplets`, if all the elements in `triplet` are less than the corresponding elements in `target`, then merge `triplet` to `merged`. Finally, check whether `merged` and `target` are equal.
