# 642. Design Search Autocomplete System
## Level
Hard

## Description
Design a search autocomplete system for a search engine. Users may input a sentence (at least one word and end with a special character `'#'`). For **each character** they type **except '#'**, you need to return the **top 3** historical hot sentences that have prefix the same as the part of sentence already typed. Here are the specific rules:

1. The hot degree for a sentence is defined as the number of times a user typed the exactly same sentence before.
2. The returned top 3 hot sentences should be sorted by hot degree (The first is the hottest one). If several sentences have the same degree of hot, you need to use ASCII-code order (smaller one appears first).
3. If less than 3 hot sentences exist, then just return as many as you can.
4. When the input is a special character, it means the sentence ends, and in this case, you need to return an empty list.

Your job is to implement the following functions:

The constructor function:

`AutocompleteSystem(String[] sentences, int[] times)`: This is the constructor. The input is **historical data**. `sentences` is a string array consists of previously typed sentences. `times` is the corresponding times a sentence has been typed. Your system should record these historical data.

Now, the user wants to input a new sentence. The following function will provide the next character the user types:

`List<String> input(char c)`: The input c is the next character typed by the user. The character will only be lower-case letters (`'a'` to `'z'`), blank space (`' '`) or a special character (`'#'`). Also, the previously typed sentence should be recorded in your system. The output will be the **top 3** historical hot sentences that have prefix the same as the part of sentence already typed.
 
**Example:**

**Operation:** AutocompleteSystem(["i love you", "island","ironman", "i love leetcode"], [5,3,2,2])

The system have already tracked down the following sentences and their corresponding times:

`"i love you"`: `5` times

`"island"`: `3` times

`"ironman"`: `2` times

`"i love leetcode"`: `2` times

Now, the user begins another search:

**Operation:** input('i')

**Output:** ["i love you", "island","i love leetcode"]

**Explanation:**
There are four sentences that have prefix "i". Among them, "ironman" and "i love leetcode" have same hot degree. Since ' ' has ASCII code 32 and 'r' has ASCII code 114, "i love leetcode" should be in front of "ironman". Also we only need to output top 3 hot sentences, so "ironman" will be ignored.

**Operation:** input(' ')

**Output:** ["i love you","i love leetcode"]

**Explanation:**

There are only two sentences that have prefix "i ".

**Operation:** input('a')

**Output:** []

**Explanation:**

There are no sentences that have prefix "i a".

**Operation:** input('#')

**Output:** []

**Explanation:**

The user finished the input, the sentence "i a" should be saved as a historical sentence in system. And the following input will be counted as a new search.

**Note:**

1. The input sentence will always start with a letter and end with '#', and only one blank space will exist between two words.
2. The number of **complete sentences** that to be searched won't exceed 100. The length of each sentence including those in the historical data won't exceed 100.
3. Please use double-quote instead of single-quote when you write test cases even for a character input.
4. Please remember to **RESET** your class variables declared in class AutocompleteSystem, as static/class variables are **persisted across multiple test cases**. Please see [here](https://leetcode.com/faq/#different-output) for more details.

## Solution
Use trie. There are 27 possible characters, including 26 lowercase letters and space. Each trie node has its next characters, the corresponding sentence and the hot degree of the sentence. The latter two data fields are only meaningful when the node represents the end of an input sentence. Besides, use a string buffer to store the input string that is appended by `input` method, and the current trie node that corresponds to the input string.

For the constructor, insert each sentence and its hot degree into the tree, initialize the input string to an empty string, and set the current trie node to the root of the trie.

For method `input`, first check whether the input character `c` is `'#'`. If `c` is `'#'`, then add the complete input sentence into the trie with its hot degree increased by 1, set the current trie node to the root, and return an empty list. Otherwise, append `c` to the input string. If the current node is `null`, return an empty list. Otherwise, set the current node to the node that corresponds to `c`. If the current node is `null`, then the input string does not exist in the trie, so return an empty list. Otherwise, starting from the current node, do breadth first search and find all sentences in the trie that corresponds to the input string. Use a priority queue to store trie nodes, where the trie node that has the least hot degree or has the largest ASCII-code order is polled first. Each time a sentence is met, offer it to the priority queue, and after offering it to the priority queue, if the priority queue's size is greater than 3, then poll one element out of the priority queue. Finally, use a list to store all the elements from the priority queue, reverse the list so the order of the list is correct, and return the list.
