# 432. All O`one Data Structure
## Level
Hard

## Description
Implement a data structure supporting the following operations:

1. Inc(Key) - Inserts a new key with value 1. Or increments an existing key by 1. Key is guaranteed to be a **non-empty** string.
2. Dec(Key) - If Key's value is 1, remove it from the data structure. Otherwise decrements an existing key by 1. If the key does not exist, this function does nothing. Key is guaranteed to be a **non-empty** string.
3. GetMaxKey() - Returns one of the keys with maximal value. If no element exists, return an empty string `""`.
4. GetMinKey() - Returns one of the keys with minimal value. If no element exists, return an empty string `""`.

Challenge: Perform all these in O(1) time complexity.

## Solution
To do all the operations in O(1) time complexity, create a class `DoublyLinkedNode`, which contains a value, a set of all keys that have the value, the previous node and the next node. In class `AllOne`, maintain the head and the tail of the doubly-linked list, where the node with the minimum value is after the head and the node with the maximum value is before the tail. Also maintain two maps. The first map stores each key and the corresponding value. The second map stores each value and the node of the value.

For the constructor, initialize the two maps and initialize the head node and the tail node to have value -1 and `head.next = tail` and `tail.prev = head`.

For method `inc`, there are two cases. If the key already exists, update the value and update the maps the corresponding nodes. Otherwise, create a new node with value 1 and the current key.

For method `dec`, only consider the case when the key exists. The case is similar to `inc`, but the case when the value is decreased to 0 needs to be considered individually.

For method `getMaxKey`, obtain the node just before the tail, and return any key in the node's set. If the list is empty, return an empty string.

For method `getMinKey`, obtain the node just after the head, and return any key in the node's set. If the list is empty, return an empty string.
