# 1839. Longest Substring Of All Vowels in Order
## Level
Medium

## Description
A string is considered **beautiful** if it satisfies the following conditions:

* Each of the 5 English vowels (`'a'`, `'e'`, `'i'`, `'o'`, `'u'`) must appear **at least once** in it.
* The letters must be sorted in **alphabetical order** (i.e. all `'a'`s before `'e'`s, all `'e'`s before `'i'`s, etc.).

For example, strings `"aeiou"` and `"aaaaaaeiiiioou"` are considered **beautiful**, but `"uaeio"`, `"aeoiu"`, and `"aaaeeeooo"` are **not beautiful**.

Given a string `word` consisting of English vowels, return *the **length of the longest beautiful substring** of `word`. If no such substring exists, return `0`*.

A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters in a string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** word = "aeiaaioaaaaeiiiiouuuooaauuaeiu"

**Output:** 13

**Explanation:** The longest beautiful substring in word is "aaaaeiiiiouuu" of length 13.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** word = "aeeeiiiioooauuuaeiou"

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** The longest beautiful substring in word is "aeiou" of length 5.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** word = "a"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** There is no beautiful substring, so return 0.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= word.length <= 5 * 10^5`
* `word` consists of characters `'a'`, `'e'`, `'i'`, `'o'`, and `'u'`.

## Solution
Create a string buffer to merge the same adjacent characters, and use a list to store the indices of each character, where the first index of `'a'` and the last indices of the other letters are stored. Then loop over the string buffer. If there are five adjacent letters equal to `"aeiou"`, then use the indices to calculate the length of the substring. Maintain the maximum length during the process. Finally, return the maximum length.
