# 641. Design Circular Deque
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design your implementation of the circular double-ended queue (deque).

Your implementation should support following operations:

* `MyCircularDeque(k)`: Constructor, set the size of the deque to be k.
* `insertFront()`: Adds an item at the front of Deque. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `insertLast()`: Adds an item at the rear of Deque. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `deleteFront()`: Deletes an item from the front of Deque. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `deleteLast()`: Deletes an item from the rear of Deque. Return true if the operation is successful.
* `getFront()`: Gets the front item from the Deque. If the deque is empty, return -1.
* `getRear()`: Gets the last item from Deque. If the deque is empty, return -1.
* `isEmpty()`: Checks whether Deque is empty or not. 
* `isFull()`: Checks whether Deque is full or not.

**Example:**
```
MyCircularDeque circularDeque = new MycircularDeque(3); // set the size to be 3
circularDeque.insertLast(1);			// return true
circularDeque.insertLast(2);			// return true
circularDeque.insertFront(3);			// return true
circularDeque.insertFront(4);			// return false, the queue is full
circularDeque.getRear();  			// return 2
circularDeque.isFull();				// return true
circularDeque.deleteLast();			// return true
circularDeque.insertFront(4);			// return true
circularDeque.getFront();			// return 4
```

**Note:**

* All values will be in the range of [0, 1000].
* The number of operations will be in the range of [1, 1000].
* Please do not use the built-in Deque library.

## Solution
Use an array to act as a deque and store the elements. Besides the array that is a data field of the class `MyCircularDeque`, the other data fields include `capacity` which is the capacity of the deque, `start` and `end` which are the indices of the first element and the last element, and `size` which is the number of elements in the deque.

For the constructor, given capacity `k`, initialize the array to be an array of length `k` and filled with -1, set `capacity = k`, and set `start`, `end` and `size` to 0.

For method `insertFront`, return `false` if the deque is full (checked by calling `isFull`). If `size == 0`, then set both `start` to `end` to 0. Otherwise, move `front` one step backward (note that the deque is circular, so if `start` was previously 0, then `end` will become `capacity - 1` after moving one step backward). Set the element at index `start` in the array to be the given value, increase `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `insertLast`, return `false` if the deque is full (checked by calling `isFull`). If `size == 0`, then set both `start` to `end` to 0. Otherwise, move `end` one step forward (note that the deque is circular, so if `end` was previously `capacity - 1`, then `end` will become 0 after moving one step forward). Set the element at index `end` in the array to be the given value, increase `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `deleteFront`, return `false` if the deque is empty (checked by calling `isEmpty`). Set the element at index `start` to -1, move `start` one step forward (note that the deque is circular, so if `start` was previously `capacity - 1`, then `start` will become 0 after moving one step forward), decrease `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `deleteLast`, return `false` if the deque is empty (checked by calling `isEmpty`). Set the element at index `end` to -1, move `end` one step backward (note that the deque is circular, so if `end` was previously 0, then `end` will become `capacity - 1` after moving one step backward), decrease `size` by 1, and return `true`.

For method `getFront`, return the element at index `start`.

For method `getRear`, return the element at index `end`.

For method `isEmpty`, return `true` if and only if `size == 0`.

For method `isFull`, return `true` if and only if `size == capacity`.
