# 855. Exam Room
## Level
Medium

## Description
In an exam room, there are `N` seats in a single row, numbered `0, 1, 2, ..., N-1`.

When a student enters the room, they must sit in the seat that maximizes the distance to the closest person.  If there are multiple such seats, they sit in the seat with the lowest number.  (Also, if no one is in the room, then the student sits at seat number 0.)

Return a class `ExamRoom(int N)` that exposes two functions: `ExamRoom.seat()` returning an int representing what seat the student sat in, and `ExamRoom.leave(int p)` representing that the student in seat number `p` now leaves the room. It is guaranteed that any calls to `ExamRoom.leave(p)` have a student sitting in seat `p`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: ["ExamRoom","seat","seat","seat","seat","leave","seat"], [[10],[],[],[],[],[4],[]]
Output: [null,0,9,4,2,null,5]
Explanation:
ExamRoom(10) -> null
seat() -> 0, no one is in the room, then the student sits at seat number 0.
seat() -> 9, the student sits at the last seat number 9.
seat() -> 4, the student sits at the last seat number 4.
seat() -> 2, the student sits at the last seat number 2.
leave(4) -> null
seat() -> 5, the student sits at the last seat number 5.
```

**Note:**

1. `1 <= N <= 10^9`
2. `ExamRoom.seat()` and `ExamRoom.leave()` will be called at most `10^4` times across all test cases.
3. Calls to `ExamRoom.leave(p)` are guaranteed to have a student currently sitting in seat number `p`.

## Solution
Create a class `Interval` that represents intervals. Each object of `Interval` has data fields `start` and `end` that represents the start seat number and the end seat number. The intervals are compared according to `start` in ascending order and then according to `end` in ascending order. The intervals represent the consecutive seat numbers that empty.

In the class, maintain `seatsCount` which equals `N` in the constructor that represents the number of seats in total. Use a tree set to store the intervals, where the intervals are sorted in ascending order. In the constructor, initialize `seatsCount = N` and add a single interval `[0, N - 1]` into the tree set.

For method `seat()`, first find the seat number that the newly entered student sit in, by calculating the lengths of the intervals and whether the intervals contain 0 and `N - 1`, and then update the intervals around the seat number. It is possible that an interval is deleted, modified or split into two intervals. After the intervals are updated, return the seat number.

For method `leave(int p)`, the seat number `p` is not in any of the intervals, so after the student leaves, a new interval `[p, p]` is created. Check whether a previous interval that ends at `p - 1` exists and whether a next interval that starts at `p + 1` exists. If both intervals exist or one interval exists, then merge the interval(s) with the new interval `[p, p]`, add the new interval into the tree set, and delete previous interval(s) in the tree set. Otherwise, no merge happens, so simply add the new interval `[p, p]` into the tree set.
