# 857. Minimum Cost to Hire K Workers
## Level
Hard

## Description
There are N workers. The `i`-th worker has a `quality[i]` and a minimum wage expectation `wage[i]`.

Now we want to hire exactly `K` workers to form a *paid group*. When hiring a group of K workers, we must pay them according to the following rules:

1. Every worker in the paid group should be paid in the ratio of their quality compared to other workers in the paid group.
2. Every worker in the paid group must be paid at least their minimum wage expectation.

Return the least amount of money needed to form a paid group satisfying the above conditions.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** quality = [10,20,5], wage = [70,50,30], K = 2

**Output:** 105.00000

**Explanation:** We pay 70 to 0-th worker and 35 to 2-th worker.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** quality = [3,1,10,10,1], wage = [4,8,2,2,7], K = 3

**Output:** 30.66667

**Explanation:** We pay 4 to 0-th worker, 13.33333 to 2-th and 3-th workers seperately. 

**Note:**

1. `1 <= K <= N <= 10000`, where `N = quality.length = wage.length`
2. `1 <= quality[i] <= 10000`
3. `1 <= wage[i] <= 10000`
4. Answers within `10^-5` of the correct answer will be considered correct.

## Solution
For a group of `K` workers, the least amount of money needed is the sum of qualities of the `K` workers multipled by the maximum ratio among the `K` workers, where the ratio of a worker is the quotient of the worker's minimum wage expectation and the worker's quality.

Create a 2D array to store each worker's quality and wage, and sort the 2D array according to the workers' ratios in ascending order. For the first `K` workers, calculate their total quality and the maximum ratio, and calculate the least amount of money needed. Use a priority queue to store the workers' qualities, where the maximum quality is polled first.

For the remaining workers, each time poll one element from the priority queue, obtain the current worker's quality and wage, update the total quality and the maximum ratio, and calculate the current amount of money needed. Update the least amount of money needed accordingly. Finally, return the least amount of money needed.
