# 956. Tallest Billboard
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are installing a billboard and want it to have the largest height.  The billboard will have two steel supports, one on each side.  Each steel support must be an equal height.

You have a collection of `rods` which can be welded together.  For example, if you have rods of lengths 1, 2, and 3, you can weld them together to make a support of length 6.

Return the largest possible height of your billboard installation. If you cannot support the billboard, return 0.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,6]

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** We have two disjoint subsets {1,2,3} and {6}, which have the same sum = 6.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,4,5,6]

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** We have two disjoint subsets {2,3,5} and {4,6}, which have the same sum = 10.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [1,2]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** The billboard cannot be supported, so we return 0.

**Note:**

1.`0 <= rods.length <= 20`
2. `1 <= rods[i] <= 1000`
3. The sum of `rods` is at most `5000`.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Calculate the sum of all elements in `rods`, which is `sum`. Create a 2D array `dp` of `rods.length` rows and `sum * 2 + 1` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents that at `rods[i]`, the maximum height of the positive part of the billboard if the sum of the positive part and the negative part is `j - sum`. The objective is to find the maximum value of `dp[i][sum]` for all `0 <= i < rods.length`, where the positive part means the rods on the first steel support and the negative part means the rods on the second steel support.

Initialize `dp[i][j] = -1` for all `0 <= i < rods.length` and `0 <= j <= sum * 2`. Then initialize the first row of `dp` such that `dp[0][sum + rods[0]] = rods[0]`, `dp[0][sum] = 0` and `dp[sum - rods[0]] = 0`. Then loop over `i` from 1 to `rows - 1` and `j` from `0` to `sums * 2`, and update `dp[i][j + rods[i]]`, `dp[i][j]` and `dp[i][j - rods[i]]` accordingly.

Finally, loop over `i` from 0 to `rods.length - 1`, find the maximum `dp[i][sum]` and return.
