# 1010. Pairs of Songs With Total Durations Divisible by 60
## Level
Easy

## Description
In a list of songs, the `i`-th song has a duration of `time[i]` seconds. 

Return the number of pairs of songs for which their total duration in seconds is divisible by `60`. Formally, we want the number of indices `i < j` with `(time[i] + time[j]) % 60 == 0`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [30,20,150,100,40]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Three pairs have a total duration divisible by 60:

(time[0] = 30, time[2] = 150): total duration 180

(time[1] = 20, time[3] = 100): total duration 120

(time[1] = 20, time[4] = 40): total duration 60

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [60,60,60]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** All three pairs have a total duration of 120, which is divisible by 60.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= time.length <= 60000`
2. `1 <= time[i] <= 500`

## Solution
Since whether the total duration in seconds is divisible by 60 needs to be checked, calculate each song's duration's remainder when divided by 60. Only the remainders determine whether the total duration in seconds is divisible by 60. After the remainders are calculated, sort the array of remainders, which is `remainder`, in ascending order.

If there are several songs having duration in seconds divisible by 60, then select any two songs among them and the total duration in seconds is divisible by 60. For other songs, if two songs' total duration in seconds is divisible by 60, then neither song's duration in seconds is divisible by 60. It is possible that both songs have remainder 30, or the two songs' remainders are different.

Use pointers `low` and `high`, which point to the beginning of the array and the end of the array respectively. Each time calculate `sum = remainder[low] + remainder[high]`. If `sum < 60` then move `low` right by 1 step. If `sum > 60` then move `high` left by 1 step. If `sum == 60`, then check whether the two remainders are 30. If so, all songs between `low` and `end` inclusively have remainders 30, and select any two songs among them will have a total duration in seconds divisible by 60. Otherwise, check whether there are other songs having the same remainder as `remainder[low]` or `remainder[high]`. The number of indices pairs can be calculated in all such cases.
