# 269. Alien Dictionary
## Level
Hard

## Description
There is a new alien language which uses the latin alphabet. However, the order among letters are unknown to you. You receive a list of **non-empty** words from the dictionary, where **words are sorted lexicographically by the rules of this new language**. Derive the order of letters in this language.

**Example 1:**
```
Input:
[
  "wrt",
  "wrf",
  "er",
  "ett",
  "rftt"
]

Output: "wertf"
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input:
[
  "z",
  "x"
]

Output: "zx"
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input:
[
  "z",
  "x",
  "z"
]

Output: "" 

Explanation: The order is invalid, so return "".
```

**Note:**

1. You may assume all letters are in lowercase.
2. You may assume that if a is a prefix of b, then a must appear before b in the given dictionary.
3. If the order is invalid, return an empty string.
4. There may be multiple valid order of letters, return any one of them is fine.

## Solution
Use topological sort. First loop over the array `words` and compare each pair of adjacent words in the array. For each pair of adjacent words, find the first position where the letters are different, and the order of the two letters can be determined. Then for all the letters that appear at least once in `words`, set their indegrees to 0, while the rest letters have indegrees -1. At the same time, count the number of distinct letters that appear in `words`. Then offer all the letters with indegrees 0 to the queue and do breadth first search. Each time poll one letter from the queue, append it to the order array, obtain its next letters and decrease the next letters' indegrees by 1. If a next letter's indegree becomes 0, offer the next letter to the queue for the next step's search. Finally, if the order's length equals the number of distinct letters in `words`, return the order. Otherwise, return an empty string.
