# 334. Increasing Triplet Subsequence
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an unsorted array return whether an increasing subsequence of length 3 exists or not in the array.

Formally the function should:

> Return true if there exists *i*, *j*, *k* such that *arr[i]* < *arr[j]* < *arr[k]* given 0 ¡Ü *i* < *j* < *k* ¡Ü *n*-1 else return false.

**Note:** Your algorithm should run in O(*n*) time complexity and O(*1*) space complexity.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,3,4,5]

**Output:** true

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [5,4,3,2,1]

**Output:** false

## Solution
An increasing subsequence of length 3 exists only if the array's length is at least 3. Otherwise, return `false`.

Create variables `firstNum` and `secondNum` to store the first number and the second number in the increasing subsequence so far. The two variables are initialized as `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.

Loop over the array. During the loop, it is guaranteed that after modification, `secondNum` is greater than `firstNum`. If a number is greater than `secondNum`, then `firstNum`, `secondNum` and the current number forms an increasing subsequence of length 3, so return `true`. Otherwise, if the current number is greater than `firstNum`, then update `secondNum` to be equal to the current number. This may reduce the value of `secondNum` so that it is more likely to find a number greater than `secondNum` in the rest of the array, and at the same time guarantees that the updated `secondNum` is still greater than `firstNum`. If the current number is not greater than `firstNum`, then update `firstNum` to be equal to the current number. This may reduce the value of `firstNum`, and the relation that `firstNum < secondNum` still holds.

If after the loop is over, no increasing subsequence of length 3 is found, return `false`.
