# 707. Design Linked List
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design your implementation of the linked list. You can choose to use the singly linked list or the doubly linked list. A node in a singly linked list should have two attributes: `val` and `next`. `val` is the value of the current node, and `next` is a pointer/reference to the next node. If you want to use the doubly linked list, you will need one more attribute `prev` to indicate the previous node in the linked list. Assume all nodes in the linked list are 0-indexed.

Implement these functions in your linked list class:

* `get(index)`: Get the value of the `index`-th node in the linked list. If the index is invalid, return `-1`.
* `addAtHead(val)`: Add a node of value `val` before the first element of the linked list. After the insertion, the new node will be the first node of the linked list.
* `addAtTail(val)`: Append a node of value `val` to the last element of the linked list.
* `addAtIndex(index, val)`: Add a node of value `val` before the `index`-th node in the linked list. If `index` equals to the length of linked list, the node will be appended to the end of linked list. If index is greater than the length, the node will not be inserted.
* `deleteAtIndex(index)`: Delete the `index`-th node in the linked list, if the index is valid.

**Example:**
```
Input: 
["MyLinkedList","addAtHead","addAtTail","addAtIndex","get","deleteAtIndex","get"]
[[],[1],[3],[1,2],[1],[1],[1]]
Output:  
[null,null,null,null,2,null,3]

Explanation:
MyLinkedList linkedList = new MyLinkedList(); // Initialize empty LinkedList
linkedList.addAtHead(1);
linkedList.addAtTail(3);
linkedList.addAtIndex(1, 2);  // linked list becomes 1->2->3
linkedList.get(1);            // returns 2
linkedList.deleteAtIndex(1);  // now the linked list is 1->3
linkedList.get(1);            // returns 3
```

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= index,val <= 1000`
* Please do not use the built-in LinkedList library.
* At most `2000` calls will be made to `get`, `addAtHead`, `addAtTail`, `addAtIndex` and `deleteAtIndex`.

## Solution
This solution uses the doubly linked list.

Create a class `Node` that has data fields `int val` that is the node's value, `Node prev` that is the node's previous node, and `Node next` that is the node's next node.

In class `MyLinkedList`, there are three data fields, which are `Node head` that is the first node, `Node tail` that is the last node, and `int size` that is the number of nodes in the linked list.

For the constructor, initialize `head` and `tail` to `null`, and `size` to 0.

For `get(index)`, if `index >= size`, then return -1. Otherwise, find the `index`-th node starting from `head`, and return the node's value.

For `addAtHead(val)`, create a new node with value `val`. If `size == 0`, set both `head` and `tail` to be the new node. Otherwise, update the nodes around `head` and assign the new node to `head`. Increase `size` by 1.

For `addAtTail(val)`, create a new node with value `val`. If `size == 0`, set both `head` and `tail` to be the new node. Otherwise, update the nodes around `tail` and assign the new node to `tail`. Increase `size` by 1.

For `addAtIndex(index, val)`, first check `index`. If `index == 0`, then call `addAtHead(val)`. Else, if `index == size`, then call `addAtTail(val)`. Else, create a new node with value `val`, find the `index`-th node starting from `head`, and insert the new node at position `index`, with the nodes around the position updated.

For `deleteAtIndex(index, val)`, first check `index`. If `index == 0`, then delete the node at `head` with the nodes around `head` updated. Else, if `index == size - 1`, then delete the node at `tail` with the nodes around `tail` updated. Else, find the `index`-th node starting from `head`, and delete the node, with the nodes around the position updated.
