# 1570. Dot Product of Two Sparse Vectors
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two sparse vectors, compute their dot product.

Implement class `SparseVector`:

* `SparseVector(nums)` Initializes the object with the vector `nums`
* `dotProduct(vec)` Compute the dot product between the instance of *SparseVector* and `vec`

A **sparse vector** is a vector that has mostly zero values, you should store the sparse vector **efficiently** and compute the dot product between two *SparseVector*.

**Follow up:** What if only one of the vectors is sparse?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,0,0,2,3], nums2 = [0,3,0,4,0]

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** v1 = SparseVector(nums1) , v2 = SparseVector(nums2)

v1.dotProduct(v2) = 1*0 + 0*3 + 0*0 + 2*4 + 3*0 = 8

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums1 = [0,1,0,0,0], nums2 = [0,0,0,0,2]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** v1 = SparseVector(nums1) , v2 = SparseVector(nums2)
v1.dotProduct(v2) = 0*0 + 1*0 + 0*0 + 0*0 + 0*2 = 0

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums1 = [0,1,0,0,2,0,0], nums2 = [1,0,0,0,3,0,4]

**Output:** 6

**Constraints:**

* `n == nums1.length == nums2.length`
* `1 <= n <= 10^5`
* `0 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 100`

## Solution
For each `SparseVector` instance, use a map to store the indices and the corresponding values at the indices. Only the non-zero values are stored in the map so that the sparse vector can be stored efficiently.

When computing the dot product `vec1.dotProduct(vec2)`, make sure that `vec1` has an equal or smaller map than `vec2` (which means `vec1`'s map and `vec2`'s map have the same number of entries, or `vec1`'s map has fewer entries than `vec2`'s map). If not, swap `vec1` and `vec2`. Loop over all entries of `vec1`'s map and check whether the corresponding index exists in `vec2`'s map. If so, calculate the product and add the product to the dot product.

Since `vec1`'s non-zero values are equal to or less than `vec2`'s non-zero values, this also applies for the follow-up question where only one of the vectors is sparse.
