# 1707. Maximum XOR With an Element From Array
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given an array `nums` consisting of non-negative integers. You are also given a `queries` array, where `queries[i] = [x_i, m_i]`.

The answer to the `i-th` query is the maximum bitwise `XOR` value of `x_i` and any element of `nums` that does not exceed `m_i`. In other words, the answer is `max(nums[j] XOR x_i)` for all `j` such that `nums[j] <= m_i`. If all elements in `nums` are larger than `m_i`, then the answer is `-1`.

Return *an integer array `answer` where `answer.length == queries.length` and `answer[i]` is the answer to the `i-th` query*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,2,3,4], queries = [[3,1],[1,3],[5,6]]

**Output:** [3,3,7]

Explanation:**

1) 0 and 1 are the only two integers not greater than 1. 0 XOR 3 = 3 and 1 XOR 3 = 2. The larger of the two is 3.

2) 1 XOR 2 = 3.

3) 5 XOR 2 = 7.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [5,2,4,6,6,3], queries = [[12,4],[8,1],[6,3]]

**Output:** [15,-1,5]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length, queries.length <= 10^5`
* `queries[i].length == 2`
* `0 <= nums[j], x_i, m_i <= 10^9`

## Solution
Create a trie from the numbers in `nums`. Each node in the trie has two children that represent bits 0 and 1, respectively. For each number, create the trie from the highest bit to the lowest bit, where all the numbers have 32 bits. For each node in the trie, maintain the minimum number in `nums` that can reach the node.

Then for each query, obtain the values `x` and `m`, and use `x` to find the maximum possible xor result. If the last bit is met and the minimum value of the last bit is less than or equal to `m`, then calculate the xor value accordingly. Otherwise, the query result is -1.

Finally, return the query results.
