# 675. Cut Off Trees for Golf Event
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are asked to cut off trees in a forest for a golf event. The forest is represented as a non-negative 2D map, in this map:

1. `0` represents the `obstacle` can't be reached.
2. `1` represents the `ground` can be walked through.
3. `The place with number bigger than 1` represents a `tree` can be walked through, and this positive number represents the tree's height.

In one step you can walk in any of the four directions `top`, `bottom`, `left` and `right` also when standing in a point which is a tree you can decide whether or not to cut off the tree.

You are asked to cut off **all** the trees in this forest in the order of tree's height - always cut off the tree with lowest height first. And after cutting, the original place has the tree will become a grass (value 1).

You will start from the point (0, 0) and you should output the minimum steps **you need to walk** to cut off all the trees. If you can't cut off all the trees, output -1 in that situation.

You are guaranteed that no two `trees` have the same height and there is at least one tree needs to be cut off.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: 
[
 [1,2,3],
 [0,0,4],
 [7,6,5]
]
Output: 6
```

**Example 2:**
```
Input: 
[
 [1,2,3],
 [0,0,0],
 [7,6,5]
]
Output: -1
```

**Example 3:**
```
Input: 
[
 [2,3,4],
 [0,0,5],
 [8,7,6]
]
Output: 6
Explanation: You started from the point (0,0) and you can cut off the tree in (0,0) directly without walking.
```

**Constraints:**

1 <= forest.length <= 50
1 <= forest[i].length <= 50
0 <= forest[i][j] <= 10^9

## Solution
Use breadth first search. First use a priority queue to store each tree's position and height. Then search for each tree in the order of their heights and calculate the distance. If at one step, a tree can't be reached, return -1. Otherwise, add the current distance to the total distance. Finally, return the total distance.
