# 775. Global and Local Inversions
## Level
Medium

## Description
We have some permutation `A` of `[0, 1, ..., N - 1]`, where `N` is the length of `A`.

The number of (global) inversions is the number of `i < j` with `0 <= i < j < N` and `A[i] > A[j]`.

The number of local inversions is the number of `i` with `0 <= i < N` and `A[i] > A[i+1]`.

Return `true` if and only if the number of global inversions is equal to the number of local inversions.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = [1,0,2]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** There is 1 global inversion, and 1 local inversion.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** A = [1,2,0]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** There are 2 global inversions, and 1 local inversion.

**Note:**

* `A` will be a permutation of `[0, 1, ..., A.length - 1]`.
* `A` will have length in range `[1, 5000]`.
* The time limit for this problem has been reduced.

## Solution
According to the definition, a local inversion is guaranteed to be a global inversion, but a global inversion is not guaranteed to be a local inversion. Therefore, check whether there is a global inversion that is not a local inversion. If there exist two indices `i` and `j` such that `0 <= i < j < N` and `j - i > 1` and `A[i] > A[j]`, then the indices `i` and `j` form a global inversion that is not a local inversion.

Obviously, if `N <= 2`, then `A` must have the same number of global inversions and local inversions, so return `true`.

For `N >= 3`, consider the following examples. For `[1,0,2]`, return `true`. For `[2,1,0]`, since there is a global inversion `[2,0]` that is not a local inversion, return `false`. Therefore, from the original array `[0, 1, ..., N - 1]`, if numbers are inversed in the array, each time choose two adjacent elements and swap them, and once an element has been swapped, it can't be swapped again.

According to the analysis above, check the following points.

1. For any index `i` from 0 to `N - 1`, `A[i]` must be `i`, `i - 1` or `i + 1`.
2. If `A[i] == i - 1` for `i > 0`, then `A[i - 1]` must be `i`.

If there exist elements that disobey the two rules, return `false`. Otherwise, return `true`.
