# 1253. Reconstruct a 2-Row Binary Matrix
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given the following details of a matrix with `n` columns and `2` rows :

* The matrix is a binary matrix, which means each element in the matrix can be `0` or `1`.
* The sum of elements of the 0-th(upper) row is given as `upper`.
* The sum of elements of the 1-st(lower) row is given as `lower`.
* The sum of elements in the i-th column(0-indexed) is `colsum[i]`, where `colsum` is given as an integer array with length `n`.

Your task is to reconstruct the matrix with `upper`, `lower` and `colsum`.

Return it as a 2-D integer array.

If there are more than one valid solution, any of them will be accepted.

If no valid solution exists, return an empty 2-D array.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** upper = 2, lower = 1, colsum = [1,1,1]

**Output:** [[1,1,0],[0,0,1]]

**Explanation:** [[1,0,1],[0,1,0]], and [[0,1,1],[1,0,0]] are also correct answers.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** upper = 2, lower = 3, colsum = [2,2,1,1]

**Output:** []

**Example 3:**

**Input:** upper = 5, lower = 5, colsum = [2,1,2,0,1,0,1,2,0,1]

**Output:** [[1,1,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0],[1,0,1,0,0,0,1,1,0,1]]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= colsum.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= upper, lower <= colsum.length`
* `0 <= colsum[i] <= 2`

## Solution
Calculate the sum of all elements in `colsum`. If the sum does not equal `upper + lower`, then no valid solution exists, so return an empty 2D array.

Each element in `colsum` is at most 2. If an element is 2, then both rows at the column have value 1. So loop over `colsum` and for each 2 met, decrease both `upper` and `lower` by 1. If either `upper` or `lower` becomes negative, then no valid solution exists, so return an empty 2D array.

Create a 2D array. Loop over `colsum`. If a value 2 is met, then append 1 to both rows. If a value 1 is met, then check whether `upper` is positive. If `upper` is positive, then append 1 to the first row and append 0 to the second row, and decrease `upper` by 1. Otherwise, append 0 to the first row and append 1 to the second row, and decrease `lower` by 1. If a value 0 is met, then append 0 to both rows.

Finally, return the 2D array.
