# 1541. Minimum Insertions to Balance a Parentheses String
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a parentheses string `s` containing only the characters `'('` and `')'`. A parentheses string is **balanced** if:

* Any left parenthesis `'('` must have a corresponding two consecutive right parenthesis `'))'`.
* Left parenthesis `'('` must go before the corresponding two consecutive right parenthesis `'))'`.

For example, `"())"`, `"())(())))"` and `"(())())))"` are balanced, `")()"`, `"()))"` and `"(()))"` are not balanced.

You can insert the characters '(' and ')' at any position of the string to balance it if needed.

Return *the minimum number of insertions* needed to make `s` balanced.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "(()))"

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The second '(' has two matching '))', but the first '(' has only ')' matching. We need to to add one more ')' at the end of the string to be "(())))" which is balanced.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "())"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** The string is already balanced.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "))())("

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** Add '(' to match the first '))', Add '))' to match the last '('.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "(((((("

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** Add 12 ')' to balance the string.

**Example 5:**

**Input:** s = ")))))))"

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** Add 4 '(' at the beginning of the string and one ')' at the end. The string becomes "(((())))))))".

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `s` consists of `'('` and `')'` only.

## Solution
Maintain the number of left parentheses. Loop over `s` from left to right. For each character, check the character and do the corresponding operation.

* If the character is a left parenthesis, then increase the number of left parentheses by 1, and increase the index by 1.
* If the character is a right parenthesis, then a left parenthesis is needed, and another right parenthesis right after the current right parenthesis is needed.
   * For the left parenthesis, check the number of left parentheses. If the number is 0, then one insertion is needed. Otherwise, decrease the number by 1.
   * For the right parenthesis, check whether the next character is also a right parenthesis. If so, increase the index by 2. Otherwise, one insertion is needed, and increase the index by 1.

Finally, if the number of left parentheses is greater than 0, then there are remaining left parentheses, and for each remaining left parenthesis, two right parentheses need to be inserted at the end, which means that for each remaining left parenthesis, two insertions are needed.
