# 146. LRU Cache
## Level
Medium

## Description
Design and implement a data structure for [Least Recently Used (LRU) cache](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cache_replacement_policies#LRU). It should support the following operations: `get` and `put`.

* `get(key)` - Get the value (will always be positive) of the key if the key exists in the cache, otherwise return -1.
* `put(key, value)` - Set or insert the value if the key is not already present. When the cache reached its capacity, it should invalidate the least recently used item before inserting a new item.

The cache is initialized with a **positive** capacity.

**Follow up:**

Could you do both operations in **O(1)** time complexity?

**Example:**
```
LRUCache cache = new LRUCache( 2 /* capacity */ );

cache.put(1, 1);
cache.put(2, 2);
cache.get(1);       // returns 1
cache.put(3, 3);    // evicts key 2
cache.get(2);       // returns -1 (not found)
cache.put(4, 4);    // evicts key 1
cache.get(1);       // returns -1 (not found)
cache.get(3);       // returns 3
cache.get(4);       // returns 4
```

## Solution
Create a class `Node`, which contains data fields `int key`, `int value`, `Node prev` and `Node next`. That is, each node of type `node` has a key and a value, and have references to its previous node and the next node.

In class `LRUCache`, data fields include `int capacity` that stores the capacity of the cache, `Map<Integer, Node> map` that maps each key to its node, `Node head` and `Node tail` that represents the head node and the tail node respectively. For Least Recently Used cache, the most recently used node is the head node and the least recently used node is the tail node.

In the constructor, initialize `capacity` with the given `capacity`.

In `get(key)`, if `key` is not in `map`, then `key` is not in the cache, so return -1. If `key` is in `map`, obtain the node and its `value`, remove the node and set the node to be the head, and return `value`.

In `put(key, value)`, if `map` contains `key`, then obtain the node and update its `value`, remove the node, and set the node to be the head. If `map` does not contain `key`, then create a new node using `key` and `value`, and set the new node to be the head. If the size of `map` is greater than or equal to `capacity`, then remove the node `tail` and remove the corresponding entry in `map`. Add a new entry of the new node into the map.

Two supplementary methods are needed.

1. Method `remove(Node node)`. Obtain `node`'s previous node and next node, and update their references to other nodes accordingly. If `node` is `head` or `tail`, then update `head` or `tail` accordingly.
2. Method `setHead(Node node)`. Set `node` to be the new head and set the previous head's reference accordingly. If `tail` is `null`, then update `tail` as well.
