# 726. Number of Atoms
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a chemical `formula` (given as a string), return the count of each atom.

An atomic element always starts with an uppercase character, then zero or more lowercase letters, representing the name.

1 or more digits representing the count of that element may follow if the count is greater than 1. If the count is 1, no digits will follow. For example, H2O and H2O2 are possible, but H1O2 is impossible.

Two formulas concatenated together produce another formula. For example, H2O2He3Mg4 is also a formula.

A formula placed in parentheses, and a count (optionally added) is also a formula. For example, (H2O2) and (H2O2)3 are formulas.

Given a formula, output the count of all elements as a string in the following form: the first name (in sorted order), followed by its count (if that count is more than 1), followed by the second name (in sorted order), followed by its count (if that count is more than 1), and so on.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

**formula = "H2O"

**Output:** "H2O"

**Explanation:**

The count of elements are {'H': 2, 'O': 1}.

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

formula = "Mg(OH)2"

**Output:** "H2MgO2"

**Explanation:**

The count of elements are {'H': 2, 'Mg': 1, 'O': 2}.

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

formula = "K4(ON(SO3)2)2"

**Output:** "K4N2O14S4"

**Explanation:**

The count of elements are {'K': 4, 'N': 2, 'O': 14, 'S': 4}.

**Note:**

* All atom names consist of lowercase letters, except for the first character which is uppercase.
* The length of formula will be in the range `[1, 1000]`.
* `formula` will only consist of letters, digits, and round parentheses, and is a valid formula as defined in the problem.

## Solution
First loop over `formula` and split the terms. After splitting, each term is one of the following: an atom, a number, a left parenthesis or a right parenthesis.

Then loop over the terms after splitting. Use a stack to store the strings. For each term, if it is an atom or a left parenthesis, simply push it into the stack. If it is a right parenthesis, check whether the term after it is a digit. If so, simply push the right parenthesis into the stack. Otherwise, remove the last left parenthesis by popping elements out of the stack until a left parenthesis is met, and then push the elements back into the stack. If it is a number, then apply the number to the previous atom if the previous term is not a right parenthesis, or apply the number to the previous atoms in the pair of parentheses if the previous term is a right parenthesis. These are done by popping the previous elements from the stack, modifying them with the numbers, and pushing them back into the stack. For example, if a number 2 is met and the previous term is an atom "H", then pop "H" out of the stack and push the new element "H,2" into the stack. If a number 2 is met and the previous terms are "(SO3)", then pop the terms "O,3" and "S" out of the stack and push the new elements "S,2" and "O,6" into the stack.

After looping over all the terms, use a tree map to store each atom and its count. Finally, use a string to store the atoms and the counts if greater than 1, where atoms are sorted in lexical order, and return the string.
