# 314. Binary Tree Vertical Order Traversal
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary tree, return the *vertical order* traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from top to bottom, column by column).

If two nodes are in the same row and column, the order should be from **left to right**.

**Examples 1:**
```
Input: [3,9,20,null,null,15,7]

   3
  /\
 /  \
 9  20
    /\
   /  \
  15   7 

Output:

[
  [9],
  [3,15],
  [20],
  [7]
]
```
**Examples 2:**
```
Input: [3,9,8,4,0,1,7]

     3
    /\
   /  \
   9   8
  /\  /\
 /  \/  \
 4  01   7 

Output:

[
  [4],
  [9],
  [3,0,1],
  [8],
  [7]
]
```
**Examples 3:**
```
Input: [3,9,8,4,0,1,7,null,null,null,2,5] (0's right child is 2 and 1's left child is 5)

     3
    /\
   /  \
   9   8
  /\  /\
 /  \/  \
 4  01   7
    /\
   /  \
   5   2

Output:

[
  [4],
  [9,5],
  [3,0,1],
  [8,2],
  [7]
]
```

## Solution
The solution to this problem is to visit all the nodes in the binary tree, store the values of each node, sort the values and split the values into groups according to columns, and return the result list.

To visit all the nodes, breadth first search can be used to visit the nodes level by level.

How to sort the values? To sort the values, some information needs to be stored. Besides the value, the additional information includes the column, the level and the path to reach the node. A class called `Element` is created to store the information.

For column and level, initially set the root at column 0 and level 0, and the other nodes are in positive columns or negative columns, and positive levels.

For the path, let 0 be moving to the left child from the previous node, and 1 be moving to the right child from the previous node.

The elements (instances of `Element`) are sorted in the following order.
1. The elements are sorted according to their columns in ascending order.
2. If two elements are in the same column, then sort them according to their levels in ascending order.
3. If two elements are in the same level as well, then sort them according to their paths in ascending order. Explanation: If two elements are in the same column and in the same level, then the order should be from left to right, which means that the element in the left subtree should be before the element in the right subtree.

After sorting the elements, add the values to the list according to the columns. For each element, use its column minus the leftmost column to obtain in which sublist the value should be added, and add the values to the sublists in the sorted order.
