# 1276. Number of Burgers with No Waste of Ingredients
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two integers `tomatoSlices` and `cheeseSlices`. The ingredients of different burgers are as follows:

* **Jumbo Burger:** 4 tomato slices and 1 cheese slice.
* **Small Burger:** 2 tomato slices and 1 cheese slice.

Return `[total_jumbo, total_small]` so that the number of remaining `tomatoSlices` equal to 0 and the number of remaining `cheeseSlices` equal to 0. If it is not possible to make the remaining `tomatoSlices` and `cheeseSlices` equal to 0 return `[]`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** tomatoSlices = 16, cheeseSlices = 7

**Output:** [1,6]

**Explantion:** To make one jumbo burger and 6 small burgers we need 4*1 + 2*6 = 16 tomato and 1 + 6 = 7 cheese. There will be no remaining ingredients.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** tomatoSlices = 17, cheeseSlices = 4

**Output:** []

**Explantion:** There will be no way to use all ingredients to make small and jumbo burgers.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** tomatoSlices = 4, cheeseSlices = 17

**Output:** []

**Explantion:** Making 1 jumbo burger there will be 16 cheese remaining and making 2 small burgers there will be 15 cheese remaining.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** tomatoSlices = 0, cheeseSlices = 0

**Output:** [0,0]

**Example 5:**

**Input:** tomatoSlices = 2, cheeseSlices = 1

**Output:** [0,1]

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= tomatoSlices <= 10^7`
* `0 <= cheeseSlices <= 10^7`

## Solution
Since one jumbo burger uses 4 tomato slices and one small burger uses 2 tomato slices, the number of tomato slices used in total must be even. Therefore, first check whether `tomatoSlices` is even. If `tomatoSlices` is odd, then it is not possible to use all the gradients, so return `[]`.

Then use the idea of linear equations to figure out the number of jumbo burgers and small burgers. Return the result if the numbers of both burgers are nonnegative integers.
