# 1190. Reverse Substrings Between Each Pair of Parentheses
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string `s` that consists of lower case English letters and brackets. 

Reverse the strings in each pair of matching parentheses, starting from the innermost one.

Your result should **not** contain any brackets.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "(abcd)"

**Output:** "dcba"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "(u(love)i)"

**Output:** "iloveu"

**Explanation:** The substring "love" is reversed first, then the whole string is reversed.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "(ed(et(oc))el)"

**Output:** "leetcode"

**Explanation:** First, we reverse the substring "oc", then "etco", and finally, the whole string.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "a(bcdefghijkl(mno)p)q"

**Output:** "apmnolkjihgfedcbq"

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= s.length <= 2000`
* `s` only contains lower case English characters and parentheses.
* It's guaranteed that all parentheses are balanced.

## Solution
Use a stack to store characters. Loop over `s` from left to right. For each character in `s`, if it is not a right branket, then push it into the stack. If it is a right branket, then pop the elements from the stack and offer then into a queue, until a left branket is met, and pop the left branket from the stack and push all the elements from the queue into the stack (in the same order as they are polled from the queue). Finally, the stack will contain only the letters. Pop all the letters from the stack and append them to a string. At this time, the string contains all the letters in reversing order, so reverse the string and return.
