# 291. Word Pattern II
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a `pattern` and a string `str`, find if `str` follows the same pattern.

Here **follow** means a full match, such that there is a bijection between a letter in `pattern` and a **non-empty** substring in `str`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** pattern = "abab", str = "redblueredblue"

**Output:** true

**Example 2:**

**Input:** pattern = pattern = "aaaa", str = "asdasdasdasd"

**Output:** true

**Example 3:**

**Input:** pattern = "aabb", str = "xyzabcxzyabc"

**Output:** false

**Notes:**

You may assume both `pattern` and `str` contains only lowercase letters.

## Solution
If `pattern` and `str` are both empty strings, return `true`. Otherwise, if `pattern` is empty or `str` is empty, return `false`. Also, since each letter in `pattern` matches a non-empty substring in `str`, `str` cannot be shorter than `pattern`. If `str` is shorter than `pattern`, return `false`.

Use backtrack. Create two maps. The first map stores each letter and the corresponding string, and the second map stores each string and the corresponding letter. If `pattern` has length 1, then simply check whether `pattern` and `str` follow the key-value pairs in both maps. If there is no conflict, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`. If `pattern` has length greater than 1, then obtain the first letter, and for each prefix of `str`, if adding the letter and the prefix into both maps does not cause conflict, then add the letter and the prefix into both maps, and find the answer recursively using the remaining parts of `pattern` and `str` after removing the first letter from `pattern` and the prefix from `str`. If a match is found, return `true`. Otherwise, delete the entries in both maps if the entries are newly added. If no match is found, return `false`.
