# 239. Sliding Window Maximum
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an array *nums*, there is a sliding window of size *k* which is moving from the very left of the array to the very right. You can only see the *k* numbers in the window. Each time the sliding window moves right by one position. Return the max sliding window.

**Example:**
```
Input: nums = [1,3,-1,-3,5,3,6,7], and k = 3
Output: [3,3,5,5,6,7] 
Explanation: 

Window position                Max
---------------               -----
[1  3  -1] -3  5  3  6  7       3
 1 [3  -1  -3] 5  3  6  7       3
 1  3 [-1  -3  5] 3  6  7       5
 1  3  -1 [-3  5  3] 6  7       5
 1  3  -1  -3 [5  3  6] 7       6
 1  3  -1  -3  5 [3  6  7]      7
```

**Note:**

You may assume k is always valid, 1 ≤ k ≤ input array's size for non-empty array.

**Follow up:**

Could you solve it in linear time?

## Solution
Use double-ended queue, where insertion and deletion can take place at both ends of the queue in O(1) time complexity. To make sure a sliding window of size *k* is maintained, store indices, not actual numbers, in the double-ended queue `deque`.

For the first `k` elements from `nums`, directly add them into `deque` without considering the window size, since the number of elements does not exceed `k`. Before adding each element, first check whether the number represented by the last element in `deque` (this means that if the last element in `deque` is `i`, then the number represented by the last eoement in `deque` is `nums[i]`) is less than the current number. If so, remove the last element from `deque` until `deque` becomes empty or the number represented by the last element in `deque` is greater than or equal to the current number. The first element in `deque` is the index of the maximum element in the first window of size `k`. Obtain the maximum element and put it in the first position of the result array (the first position means index 0).

Then loop over `nums` from index `k` to the end. For each index `i`, first check whether the first element in `deque` equals `i - k`. If so, then the first element is not in the current window, so remove the first element. Then if the number represented by the last element in `deque` is less than the current number, remove the last element from `deque` until `deque` becomes empty or the number represented by the last element in `deque` is greater than or equal to the current number. The first element in `deque` is the index of the maximum element in the current sliding window of size `k`. Obtain the maximum element and put it in the current position of the result array.

Finally, return the result array.
