# 40. Combination Sum II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a **set** of candidate numbers (`candidates`) and a target number (`target`), find all unique combinations in `candidates` where the candidate numbers sums to `target`.

Each number in `candidates` may only be used **once** in the combination.

**Note:**

* All numbers (including `target`) will be positive integers.
* The solution set must not contain duplicate combinations.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: candidates = [10,1,2,7,6,1,5], target = 8,
A solution set is:
[
  [1, 7],
  [1, 2, 5],
  [2, 6],
  [1, 1, 6]
]
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: candidates = [2,5,2,1,2], target = 5,
A solution set is:
[
  [1,2,2],
  [5]
]
```

## Solution
This problem is similar to problem 39, with two differences. In this problem, there may be duplicates in the candidate numbers and each candidate number may only be used once.

This problem can also be solved using backtrack. Keep two lists, one is the result combinations list which contains lists of combinations, and the other is the current combination list which contains numbers. Initially, both lists are empty.

Before do backtracking, sort the `candidates` array. Each time, select one number from the `candidates` and add it to the current combination, and the remaining target reduces by the selected number. If the remaining target is exactly zero at one step, then a combination is found and add the combination to the result combinations list.

To avoid duplicate combinations, do not select candidates before the current candidate. After backtracking, the last candidate added must be removed, and the next candidate should be larger than the current candidate (skip the candidates with the same value).
