# 408. Valid Word Abbreviation
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a **non-empty** string `s` and an abbreviation `abbr`, return whether the string matches with the given abbreviation.

A string such as `"word"` contains only the following valid abbreviations:
```
["word", "1ord", "w1rd", "wo1d", "wor1", "2rd", "w2d", "wo2", "1o1d", "1or1", "w1r1", "1o2", "2r1", "3d", "w3", "4"]
```
Notice that only the above abbreviations are valid abbreviations of the string `"word"`. Any other string is not a valid abbreviation of `"word"`.

**Note:**

Assume `s` contains only lowercase letters and `abbr` contains only lowercase letters and digits.

**Example 1:**
```
Given s = "internationalization", abbr = "i12iz4n":

Return true.
```
**Example 2:**
```
Given s = "apple", abbr = "a2e":

Return false.
```

## Solution
First, split the terms in `abbr` into an abbreviation list, where each letter and each number is a single term. For example, if `abbr = "i12iz4n"`, then it is split to `["i", "12", "i", "z", "4", "n"]` (note that a number with several digits is not split).

Next, loop over the string `word` and the abbreviation list, using two indices for the string and the abbreviation respectively, which are both 0 initially. If a term in the abbreviation list is a letter, then compare the letter in the abbreviation list and the letter in the string. If the letters are the same, move both indices forward by 1 step. Otherwise, return `false`. If a term in the abbreviation list is a number, then move the index of the string forward by the corresponding steps. The abbreviation is valid if and only if both indices reach the end simultaneously.
