# 1012. Numbers With Repeated Digits
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a positive integer `N`, return the number of positive integers less than or equal to `N` that have at least 1 repeated digit.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 20

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The only positive number (<= 20) with at least 1 repeated digit is 11.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 100

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** The positive numbers (<= 100) with atleast 1 repeated digit are 11, 22, 33, 44, 55, 66, 77, 88, 99, and 100.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** 1000

**Output:** 262

**Note:**

`1 <= N <= 10^9`

## Solution
To find the numbers with repeated digits, first consider the numbers with all digits distinct, and the remaining numbers are the numbers with repeated digits.

Suppose `N` has length `length`. For lengths `i` from 1 to `length - 1`, the count of numbers with length `i` is `9 * 10^(i - 1)`, and the count of numbers with all digits distinct is `9 * 9 * 8 * ... * (10 - i)`, so subtract the latter value from the former value to obtain the count of numbers of length `i` with repeated digits.

For the numbers with length `length`, the case is more complicated. Consider each digit in `N` from the highest digit to the lowest digit. Each digit can determine an upper bound. At each digit, only consider the numbers that are lower than the upper bound. When a digit is finished, use a set to store the digits that occur in the upper bound. If at one step, the upper bound of a digit is already in the set, then all the remaining numbers have repeated digits.

Consider the two examples as follows.

If `N` is 256, first consider the numbers less than 100, where 9 numbers with repeated digits exist. Then consider the highest digit, which has unit 100. Since 100 < 200, consider all the numbers from 100 to 199. When the highest digit becomes 2, since the highest digit of `N` is also to, move to the lower digit, which has maximum value 5 and unit 10, so consider the numbers from 200 to 249. Finally, consider the numbers from 250 to 256.

If `N` is 225, then consider the units 100 and 10, and then 220 is reached. Since the second digit 2 already exists in the upper bound, all the numbers from 220 to `N` have repeated digits.
