# 1301. Number of Paths with Max Score
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given a square `board` of characters. You can move on the board starting at the bottom right square marked with the character `'S'`.

You need to reach the top left square marked with the character `'E'`. The rest of the squares are labeled either with a numeric character `1, 2, ..., 9` or with an obstacle `'X'`. In one move you can go up, left or up-left (diagonally) only if there is no obstacle there.

Return a list of two integers: the first integer is the maximum sum of numeric characters you can collect, and the second is the number of such paths that you can take to get that maximum sum, **taken modulo 10^9 + 7**.

In case there is no path, return `[0, 0]`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** board = ["E23","2X2","12S"]

**Output:** [7,1]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** board = ["E12","1X1","21S"]

**Output:** [4,2]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** board = ["E11","XXX","11S"]

**Output:** [0,0]

**Constraints:**

* `2 <= board.length == board[i].length <= 100`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. For each cell on the board, store the maximum score and the number of paths for the maximum score.

Since all squares except the start, the end and the obstacles all have positive scores, whether the score is positive or not can be used to determine whether a path exists at a cell. An exception is that the `board` has side length 2 and there are 2 obstacles, which needs to be dealt with individually.

As long as a horizontal move or a vertical move is possible, always use the horizontal move or the vertical move (or both should be tried if both exist) rather than the diagonal move (if it exists) since if a cell contains a score, the score is always positive.
