# 1025. Divisor Game
## Level
Easy

## Description
Alice and Bob take turns playing a game, with Alice starting first.

Initially, there is a number `N` on the chalkboard.  On each player's turn, that player makes a *move* consisting of:

* Choosing any `x` with `0 < x < N` and `N % x == 0`.
* Replacing the number `N` on the chalkboard with `N - x`.

Also, if a player cannot make a move, they lose the game.

Return `True` if and only if Alice wins the game, assuming both players play optimally.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 2

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Alice chooses 1, and Bob has no more moves.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 3

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** Alice chooses 1, Bob chooses 1, and Alice has no more moves.

**Note:**

* `1 <= N <= 1000`

## Solution
This problem can be solved using dynamic programming. Create an array `dp` of `boolean` type with length `N + 1, where `dp[i]` represents whether Alice can win the game starting from `i`. Obviously, `dp[0] = false` and `dp[1] = false`. For `i` from 2 to `N`, check whether there exists a `j` such that `j < i` and `i % j == 0` and `dp[i - j] == false`. If so, set `dp[i] = true`. The reason is that the player with number `i` can choose number `j` and replace `i` with `i - j`, which will make the other player lose, so the player with number `i` will win. Finally, return `dp[N]`.

There is a quick solution. Simply return true if and only if `N` is even. The reason is as follows.

Obvionsly, if `N == 2`, return `true`, and if `N == 3`, return `false`. If a player has an odd number `N`, then for any `x` such that `N % x == 0`, the `x` must be an odd number, so `N - x` is even, which means the other player will have an even number. If a player has an even number, then since `N % 1 == 0` always holds for any `N`, the player can always choose 1 and leave `N - 1` to the other player, so the other player will have an odd number. Therefore, if Alice starts with an even number, then it is always possible to leave an odd number to Bob, and after Bob receives an odd number, Bob must leave an even number to Alice, and Alice will eventually have an even number and win. If Alice starts with an odd number, then Alice must leave an even number to Bob,  and Bob can always leave an odd number to Alice, so Alice will eventually have an odd number and lose.
