# 1187. Make Array Strictly Increasing
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given two integer arrays `arr1` and `arr2`, return the minimum number of operations (possibly zero) needed to make `arr1` strictly increasing.

In one operation, you can choose two indices `0 <= i < arr1.length` and `0 <= j < arr2.length` and do the assignment `arr1[i] = arr2[j]`.

If there is no way to make `arr1` strictly increasing, return `-1`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr1 = [1,5,3,6,7], arr2 = [1,3,2,4]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** Replace 5 with 2, then arr1 = [1, 2, 3, 6, 7].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr1 = [1,5,3,6,7], arr2 = [4,3,1]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Replace 5 with 3 and then replace 3 with 4. arr1 = [1, 3, 4, 6, 7].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr1 = [1,5,3,6,7], arr2 = [1,6,3,3]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** You can't make arr1 strictly increasing.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr1.length, arr2.length <= 2000`
* `0 <= arr1[i], arr2[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
Use a tree set to store all the elements in `arr2` such that the elements are sorted in ascending order and no duplicates exist.

Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` with `arr1.length` rows and `arr1.length + 1` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the minimum possible value of `arr1[i]` when the subarray `arr1[0..i]` is strictly increasing after `j` operations. Initialize all the elements in `dp` to infinity, and initialize `dp[0][0] = arr1[0]` and `dp[0][1]` as the minimum element in the tree set.

For `i` from 1 to `arr1.length - 1`, first consider `dp[i][0]`. If `arr1[i] > dp[i - 1][0]`, then set `dp[i][0] = arr1[i]`. Then consider `j` from 1 to `i`. If there exists an integer in the set that is greater than `dp[i - 1][j - 1]`, then set `dp[i][j]` to the integer. If `arr1[i] > dp[i - 1][j]`, then update `dp[i][j] = Math.min(dp[i][j], arr1[i])`. After considering `j` from 1 to `i`, consider `dp[i][i + 1]`. If there exists an integer in the set that is greater than `dp[i - 1][i]`, then set `dp[i][i + 1]` to the integer.

Loop over `i` from 0 to `arr1.length`. If there exists an index `i` such that `dp[arr1.length - 1][i]` is not infinity, return the smallest such `i`. Otherwise, return -1.
