# 1191. K-Concatenation Maximum Sum
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an integer array `arr` and an integer `k`, modify the array by repeating it `k` times.

For example, if `arr = [1, 2]` and `k = 3` then the modified array will be `[1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2]`.

Return the maximum sub-array sum in the modified array. Note that the length of the sub-array can be `0` and its sum in that case is `0`.

As the answer can be very large, return the answer **modulo** `10^9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [1,2], k = 3

**Output:** 9

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [1,-2,1], k = 5

**Output:** 2

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr = [-1,-2], k = 7

**Output:** 0

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= k <= 10^5`
* `-10^4 <= arr[i] <= 10^4`

## Solution
First calculate the maximum subarray sum in `arr` without repeating. This can be achieved using the solution to problem 53. If `k == 1`, simply return the maximum subarray sum.

Then calculate the sum of all the elements of `arr`, the maximum prefix sum of `arr` and the maximum postfix sum of `arr`. All the sums are calculated in the single `arr` without repeating. Update the maximum sum by the maximum subarray sum and the sum of the maximum postfix sum and the maximum prefix sum. If the sum of all the elements of `arr` is greater than 0, then update the maximum sum using the following information: the sum of all the elements of `arr` multiplied by `k`, the maximum postfix sum plus the sum of all the elements of `arr` multiplied by `k - 2` plus the maximum prefix sum, the maximum postfix sum plus the sum of all the elements of `arr` multiplied by `k - 1`, and the sum of all the elements of `arr` multiplied by `k - 1` plus the maximum prefix sum. Finally, rethrn the maximum sum.
