# 333. Largest BST Subtree
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary tree, find the largest subtree which is a Binary Search Tree (BST), where largest means subtree with largest number of nodes in it.

**Note:**

A subtree must include all of its descendants.

**Example:**
```
Input: [10,5,15,1,8,null,7]

   10 
   / \ 
  5  15 
 / \   \ 
1   8   7

Output: 3
Explanation: The Largest BST Subtree in this case is the subtree [5,1,8]. The return value is the subtree's size, which is 3.
```

**Follow up:**

Can you figure out ways to solve it with O(n) time complexity?

## Solution
For each node, use an array of length 4 to store the information of the subtree that has the current node as the root, including the minimum value in the subtree, the maximum value in the subtree, whether the subtree is a binary search tree, and the number of nodes in the subtree. The first, second and fourth values are meaningful only when the subtree is a binary search tree. Use a map to store each node and its corresponding array.

Do breadth first search and use a list to store all the nodes in the order that they are visited. Then loop over the list in reversing order. For each node, if it is a leaf, then the subtree's minimum value and maximum value are both the node's value, it is a binary search tree and the number of nodes in the subtree is 1. Otherwise, check its children. The current subtree is a binary search tree if and only if both children are binary search trees and the left subtree's maximum value is less than the current node's value and the right subtree's minimum value is greater than the current node's value (if the current node only has one child, then only consider the one child). If the current subtree is a binary search tree, then update its minimum value to be its left subtree's minimum value, update its maximum value to be its right subtree's maximum value, update it to be a binary search tree, and update the number of nodes to be its left subtree's number of nodes plus its right subtree's number of nodes plus 1. Update the largest number of nodes during the process.

Finally, return the largest number of nodes.
