# 1955. Count Number of Special Subsequences
## Level
Hard

## Description
A sequence is **special** if it consists of a **positive** number of `0`s, followed by a **positive** number of `1`s, then a **positive** number of `2`s.

* For example, `[0,1,2]` and `[0,0,1,1,1,2]` are special.
* In contrast, `[2,1,0]`, `[1]`, and `[0,1,2,0]` are not special.

Given an array `nums` (consisting of **only** integers `0`, `1`, and `2`), return *the **number of different subsequences** that are special*. Since the answer may be very large, **return it modulo** `10^9 + 7`.

A **subsequence** of an array is a sequence that can be derived from the array by deleting some or no elements without changing the order of the remaining elements. Two subsequences are **different** if the **set of indices** chosen are different.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,2,2]

**Output: **3

**Explanation:** The special subsequences are [0,1,2,2], [0,1,2,2], and [0,1,2,2].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [2,2,0,0]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** There are no special subsequences in [2,2,0,0].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,2,0,1,2]

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** The special subsequences are:
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]
- [0,1,2,0,1,2]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= nums[i] <= 2`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Use `dp[i][j]` to represent the number of special subsequences up to index `i` that end with number `j`. Note that the special subsequences do not necessary end with 2, but satisfy that all 0s come before 1s and all 1s come before 2s.

When `i = 0`, `dp[0][0] = 1` if and only if `nums[0] = 0`. For `i` from 1 to `nums.length - 1`, `dp[i][0]` is calculated as `dp[i - 1][0] * 2 + 1` if `nums[i] = 0`, and `dp[i - 1][0]` otherwise. For `dp[i][j]` where `j` is 1 or 2, if `nums[i] = j`, then `dp[i][j] = dp[i - 1][j] * 2 + dp[i - 1][j - 1]`, otherwise `dp[i][j] = dp[i - 1][j]`. Finally, return `dp[nums.length - 1][2]`.
