# 1762. Buildings With an Ocean View
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are `n` buildings in a line. You are given an integer array `heights` of size `n` that represents the heights of the buildings in the line.

The ocean is to the right of the buildings. A building has an ocean view if the building can see the ocean without obstructions. Formally, a building has an ocean view if all the buildings to its right have a **smaller** height.

Return a list of indices **(0-indexed)** of buildings that have an ocean view, sorted in increasing order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** heights = [4,2,3,1]

**Output:** [0,2,3]

**Explanation:** Building 1 (0-indexed) does not have an ocean view because building 2 is taller.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** heights = [4,3,2,1]

**Output:** [0,1,2,3]

**Explanation:** All the buildings have an ocean view.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** heights = [1,3,2,4]

**Output:** [3]

**Explanation:** Only building 3 has an ocean view.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** heights = [2,2,2,2]

**Output:** [3]

**Explanation:** Buildings cannot see the ocean if there are buildings of the same height to its right.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= heights.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= heights[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
For index `i` where `0 <= i < n`, the building at index `i` has an ocean view if and only if for all `i < j < n`, there is `heights[i] > heights[j]`. Obviously, the building at index `n - 1` has an ocean view.

Loop over `heights` backwards and maintain the maximum height. For the building at index `i`, if `heights[i]` is greater than the maximum height, then the building has an ocean view. Update the maximum height using `heights[i]` after determining whether the building at index `i` has an ocean view.

Finally, return the indices of buildings that have an ocean view.
