# 1143. Longest Common Subsequence
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two strings `text1` and `text2`, return the length of their longest common subsequence.

A *subsequence* of a string is a new string generated from the original string with some characters (can be none) deleted without changing the relative order of the remaining characters. (eg, "ace" is a subsequence of "abcde" while "aec" is not). A *common subsequence* of two strings is a subsequence that is common to both strings.

If there is no common subsequence, return 0.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** text1 = "abcde", text2 = "ace"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The longest common subsequence is "ace" and its length is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** text1 = "abc", text2 = "abc"

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The longest common subsequence is "abc" and its length is 3.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** text1 = "abc", text2 = "def"

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** There is no such common subsequence, so the result is 0.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= text1.length <= 1000`
* `1 <= text2.length <= 1000`
* The input strings consist of lowercase English characters only.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Let `length1` and `length2` be the lengths of `text1` and `text2` respectively. Let `dp` be a 2D array with `length1 + 1` rows and `length2 + 1` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the length of the longest common subsequence of the two substrings, which are the first `i` characters of `text1` and the first `j` characters of `text2`. Obviously, if one of the substrings has length 0, the longest commom subsequence of the two substrings also has length 0. For index `i` in `text1` and index `j` in `text2`, check whether the two characters at the two indices in the two strings are the same. If the characters are the same, then adding this character to both substrings will make the length of the longest common subsequence increase by 1, so `dp[i][j] = dp[i - 1][j - 1] + 1`. If the characters are different, then the length of the longest commom subsequence of the two substrings does not change, so `dp[i][j] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][j], dp[i][j - 1])`.
