# 25. Reverse Nodes in k-Group
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a linked list, reverse the nodes of a linked list *k* at a time and return its modified list.

*k* is a positive integer and is less than or equal to the length of the linked list. If the number of nodes is not a multiple of *k* then left-out nodes in the end should remain as it is.

**Example:**

Given this linked list: `1->2->3->4->5`

For *k* = 2, you should return: `2->1->4->3->5`

For *k* = 3, you should return: `3->2->1->4->5`

**Note:**

* Only constant extra memory is allowed.
* You may not alter the values in the list's nodes, only nodes itself may be changed.

## Solution
Create a `dummyHead` that occurs before `head`, that is, `dummyHead.next = head`. Each time take the *k* next nodes, and reverse the *k* nodes.

For each group of nodes, let `start` be the first node in the group before reversing, and let `end` be the last node in the group before reversing, which means `end` is *k* - 1 steps ahead of `start`. If `end` is `null`, then the group is the last group and the number of nodes of the last group is less than *k*, so do not reverse. If the group is reversed, after reversing, set `start.next = end.next` so that `start` is the last node in the group after reversing and `start.next` points to the first node in the next group.

When reversing a group of *k* nodes, use three pointers `prev`, `cur` and `next`. Initially, `prev` is `null` and `cur` is the `head` in the current group. For each node, set `next = cur.next`, and set `cur.next = prev`, and then move both `prev` and `cur` one step forward. After the whole group is reversed, the new head of the reversed group is the next node of the last node in the previous group.

Finally, return `dummyHead.next`.
