# 877. Stone Game
## Level
Medium

## Description
Alex and Lee play a game with piles of stones.  There are an even number of piles **arranged** in a row, and each pile has a positive integer number of stones `piles[i]`.

The objective of the game is to end with the most stones. The total number of stones is odd, so there are no ties.

Alex and Lee take turns, with Alex starting first.  Each turn, a player takes the entire pile of stones from either the beginning or the end of the row.  This continues until there are no more piles left, at which point the person with the most stones wins.

Assuming Alex and Lee play optimally, return `True` if and only if Alex wins the game.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [5,3,4,5]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**

Alex starts first, and can only take the first 5 or the last 5.

Say he takes the first 5, so that the row becomes [3, 4, 5].

If Lee takes 3, then the board is [4, 5], and Alex takes 5 to win with 10 points.

If Lee takes the last 5, then the board is [3, 4], and Alex takes 4 to win with 9 points.

This demonstrated that taking the first 5 was a winning move for Alex, so we return true.

**Note:**

1. `2 <= piles.length <= 500`
2. `piles.length` is even.
3. `1 <= piles[i] <= 500`
4. `sum(piles)` is odd.

## Solution
One way to solve this problem is to use dynamic programming, which is the same as the solution to problem 486. Suppose the length of `piles` is `length`. Create a 2D array `dp` of `length` rows and `length` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the maximum difference between Alex and Lee when given the subarray `piles[i..j]` such that `i <= j`. The objective is to find whether `dp[0][length - 1] > 0`.

Initialize `dp[i][i] = piles[i]` for all `0 <= i < length`. Then loop over `i` from `length - 2` to 0 and loop over `j` from `i + 1` to `length - 1`. To obtain `dp[i][j]`, Alex can either pick the number at index `i` or pick the number at index `j`, so update `dp[i][j] = Math.max(piles[i] - dp[i + 1][j], piles[j] - dp[i][j + 1])`. Finally, return `true` if and only if `dp[0][length - 1] > 0`.

Another more straightforward way to solve this problem is to use maths. Since there are even number of piles, the piles are divided into two groups, which are the piles at even indices and the piles at odd indices (note that the indices start from 0). The sums of the two groups can be calculated respectively. Alex can always take a pile from the group that has the larger sum. If the even indices group has the larger sum, then Alex takes the first pile for his first turn. Otherwise, Alex takes the last pile for his first turn. Then Lee must take a pile from the group that has the smaller sum. After Lee takes a pile, Alex can still take a pile from the group that has the larger sum. Therefore, Alex can always win. So simply return `true`.
