# 1950. Maximum of Minimum Values in All Subarrays
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given an integer array `nums` of size `n`. You are asked to solve `n` queries for each integer `i` in the range `0 <= i < n`.

To solve the `i-th` query:

1. Find the **minimum value** in each possible subarray of size `i + 1` of the array `nums`.
2. Find the **maximum** of those minimum values. This maximum is the **answer** to the query.

Return *a **0-indexed** integer array `ans` of size `n` such that `ans[i]` is the answer to the `i-th` query*.

A **subarray** is a contiguous sequence of elements in an array.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,2,4]

**Output:** [4,2,1,0]

**Explanation:**
i=0:
- The subarrays of size 1 are [0], [1], [2], [4]. The minimum values are 0, 1, 2, 4.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 4.

i=1:
- The subarrays of size 2 are [0,1], [1,2], [2,4]. The minimum values are 0, 1, 2.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 2.

i=2:
- The subarrays of size 3 are [0,1,2], [1,2,4]. The minimum values are 0, 1.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 1.

i=3:
- There is one subarray of size 4, which is [0,1,2,4]. The minimum value is 0.
- There is only one value, so the maximum is 0.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [10,20,50,10]

**Output:** [50,20,10,10]

**Explanation:**
i=0:
- The subarrays of size 1 are [10], [20], [50], [10]. The minimum values are 10, 20, 50, 10.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 50.

i=1:
- The subarrays of size 2 are [10,20], [20,50], [50,10]. The minimum values are 10, 20, 10.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 20.

i=2:
- The subarrays of size 3 are [10,20,50], [20,50,10]. The minimum values are 10, 10.
- The maximum of the minimum values is 10.

i=3:
- There is one subarray of size 4, which is [10,20,50,10]. The minimum value is 10.
- There is only one value, so the maximum is 10.

**Constraints:**

* `n == nums.length`
* `1 <= n <= 10^5`
* `0 <= nums[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
Use monotonic stack, where the elements of the corresponding indices are ascending from bottom to top of the stack. Use two arrays `left` and `right` to store each element's closest left index and right index such that the elements at the indices are less than the current element. Loop over `nums` from left to right, and fill in the arrays `left` and `right`.

Then loop over `0 <= i < n`. For each `i`, let `num = nums[i]`, and the range length with `num` as the smallest element is `range = right[i] - left[i] - 1`. Let `ans[range - 1]` be the maximum of such values of `num`. Then for `i` from `n - 2` to 0, `ans[i]` is the maximum of `ans[i]` and `ans[i + 1]`. Finally, return `ans`.
