# 229. Majority Element II
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an integer array of size *n*, find all elements that appear more than `⌊ n/3 ⌋` times.

**Note:** The algorithm should run in linear time and in O(1) space.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [3,2,3]

**Output:** [3]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,1,1,3,3,2,2,2]

**Output:** [1,2]

## Solution
Use Moore majority vote algorithm. However, this problem requires finding all elements that appear more than `⌊ n/3 ⌋` times, so the solution is a bit different.

Let `majority1` and `majority2` both be `nums[0]` initially, and let `count1` and `count2` be the numbers of occurrences of `majority1` and `majority2` respectively, both of which are initialized to 0.

Loop over `nums` twice.

In the first loop, determine the two possible majority elements. Suppose the number visited is `num`. If `num` in `nums` equals `majority1`, then add `count1` by 1. Else, if `num` in `nums` equals `majority2`, then add `count2` by 1. Else, if `count1` is 0, then set `majority1 = num` and add `count1` by 1. Else, if `count2` is 0, then set `majority2 = num` and add `count2` by 1. Else, then `num` is neither `majority1` nor `majority2`, so decrease both `count1` and `count2` by 1.

After the first loop, the two possible majority elements are determined. In the second loop, count the numbers of occurrences of the two possible majority elements. For each possible majority element, if its number of occurrences is greater than `⌊ n/3 ⌋`, then add it to the result list.

Finally, return the result list.
