# 207. Course Schedule
## Level
Medium

## Description
There are a total of *n* courses you have to take, labeled from `0` to `n-1`.

Some courses may have prerequisites, for example to take course 0 you have to first take course 1, which is expressed as a pair: `[0,1]`

Given the total number of courses and a list of prerequisite **pairs**, is it possible for you to finish all courses?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 2, [[1,0]]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** There are a total of 2 courses to take. To take course 1 you should have finished course 0. So it is possible.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 2, [[1,0],[0,1]]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** There are a total of 2 courses to take. To take course 1 you should have finished course 0, and to take course 0 you should also have finished course 1. So it is impossible.

**Note:**

1. The input prerequisites is a graph represented by **a list of edges**, not adjacency matrices. Read more about [how a graph is represented](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/computer-science/algorithms/graph-representation/a/representing-graphs).
2. You may assume that there are no duplicate edges in the input prerequisites.

## Solution
Use topology sort. This solution uses breadth first search for topology sort. For each course, calculate its in-degree, which is the number of direct prerequisites. A direct prerequisite corresponds to an edge in the directed graph. For example, if there are two edges `[1, 0]` and `[2, 1]`, then course 0 is a direct prerequisite of course 1 and course 1 is a direct prerequisite of course 2, but course 0 is not a direct prerequisite of course 2.

Do breadth first search starting from the courses with in-degree equal to 0, for each subsequent course of the current course, decrease the subsequent course's in-degree by 1, and add the subsequent course to the search queue if the subsequent course's in-degree becomes 0.

If all courses will have in-degree 0 eventually, then it is possible to finish all courses, so return `true`. If there are loops in the graph, or not all courses can have in-degree 0 eventually, then it is impossible to finish all courses, so return `false`.
