# 826. Most Profit Assigning Work
## Level
Medium

## Description
We have jobs: `difficulty[i]` is the difficulty of the ith job, and `profit[i]` is the profit of the `i`th job. 

Now we have some workers. `worker[i]` is the ability of the ith worker, which means that this worker can only complete a job with difficulty at most `worker[i]`. 

Every worker can be assigned at most one job, but one job can be completed multiple times.

For example, if 3 people attempt the same job that pays $1, then the total profit will be $3. If a worker cannot complete any job, his profit is $0.

What is the most profit we can make?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** difficulty = [2,4,6,8,10], profit = [10,20,30,40,50], worker = [4,5,6,7]

**Output:** 100

**Explanation:** Workers are assigned jobs of difficulty [4,4,6,6] and they get profit of [20,20,30,30] seperately.

**Notes:**

* `1 <= difficulty.length = profit.length <= 10000`
* `1 <= worker.length <= 10000`
* `difficulty[i], profit[i], worker[i]` are in range `[1, 10^5]`

## Solution
For the `i`-th worker who has ability `worker[i]`, the worker can do any job with difficulty less than or equal to 	worker[i]`, so select the job with the maximum profit among the jobs.

Let `jobs` be the number of jobs. Create a 2D array `difficultyProfit` with `jobs` rows and 2 columns, where `difficultyProfit[i][0] = difficulty[i]` and `difficultyProfit[i][1] = profit[i]`. Then sort `difficultyProfit` according to difficulties in ascending order and then according to profits in descending order. This means that if two jobs have the same difficulty, then the job with a greater profit comes first.

Then for `0 < i < jobs`, set `difficultyProfit[i][1] = Math.max(difficultyProfit[i - 1][1], difficultyProfit[i][1])`. After this operation, `difficultyProfit[i][1]` represents the maximum profit that can be made when the worker with ability `difficultyProfit[i][0]` is assigned a job.

For each worker, if the worker can complete a job, which means the worker's ability is at least the minimum difficulty among all the jobs, then assign a job to the worker. Find the maximum index `i` such that `difficultyProfit[i][0]` is less than or equal to the worker's ability, and the maximum profit that the worker can make is `difficultyProfit[i][1]`. Add the maximum profit to the total profit.

Finally, return the total profit.
