# 373. Find K Pairs with Smallest Sums
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two integer arrays **nums1** and **nums2** sorted in ascending order and an integer **k**.

Define a pair **(u,v)** which consists of one element from the first array and one element from the second array.

Find the k pairs **(u<sub>1</sub>,v<sub>1</sub>),(u<sub>2</sub>,v<sub>2</sub>) ...(u<sub>k</sub>,v<sub>k</sub>)** with the smallest sums.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,7,11], nums2 = [2,4,6], k = 3

**Output:** [[1,2],[1,4],[1,6]] 

**Explanation:** The first 3 pairs are returned from the sequence: [1,2],[1,4],[1,6],[7,2],[7,4],[11,2],[7,6],[11,4],[11,6]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,1,2], nums2 = [1,2,3], k = 2

**Output:** [1,1],[1,1]

**Explanation:** The first 2 pairs are returned from the sequence: [1,1],[1,1],[1,2],[2,1],[1,2],[2,2],[1,3],[1,3],[2,3]

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,2], nums2 = [3], k = 3

**Output:** [1,3],[2,3]

**Explanation:** All possible pairs are returned from the sequence: [1,3],[2,3]

## Solution
Use priority queue. Create a priority queue that stores pairs of numbers, where the pair with the greatest sum is polled first.

Loop over `nums1` and `nums2` for all possible pairs. For each pair, if the priority queue's size is less than `k`, then offer the pair to the priority queue. If the priority queue's size equals `k`, then check the pair at the top of the priority queue. If the top pair's sum is greater than the current pair's sum, then poll the top pair and offer the current pair. Otherwise, since both arrays are sorted, selecting the next number from `nums2` will always lead to a greater sum, so break the inner loop (which means break the loop over `nums2` and move on to the next number in `nums1`).

After the loop, the priority queue will contain the `k` pairs with smallest sums. Use a list to store all the pairs in the sorted order, and return.
