# 1425. Constrained Subset Sum
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an integer array `nums` and an integer `k`, return the maximum sum of a **non-empty** subset of that array such that for every two **consecutive** integers in the subset, `nums[i]` and `nums[j]`, where `i < j`, the condition `j - i <= k` is satisfied.

A *subset* of an array is obtained by deleting some number of elements (can be zero) from the array, leaving the remaining elements in their original order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [10,2,-10,5,20], k = 2

**Output:** 37

**Explanation:** The subset is [10, 2, 5, 20].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [-1,-2,-3], k = 1

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** The subset must be non-empty, so we choose the largest number.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [10,-2,-10,-5,20], k = 2

**Output:** 23

**Explanation:** The subset is [10, -2, -5, 20].

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= k <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `-10^4 <= nums[i] <= 10^4`

## Solution
Since the subset must be non-empty, first loop over `nums` to obtain the maximum element. If the maximum element is 0 or negative, then simply return the maximum element.

Use dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` of `nums.length` rows and 2 columns, where `dp[i][0]` represents the maximum sum when `nums[i]` is included and `dp[i][1]` represents the maximum sum when `nums[i]` is excluded. Initially, `dp[0][0] = nums[0]` and `dp[0][1] = 0`.

Maintain a double-ended queue that stores indices of `nums`, such that each element in the double-ended queue represnets the index with the greatest element. Since any two adjacent elements must have absolute difference of indices no more than `k`, if the first element in the double-ended queue equals `i - k - 1` where `i` is the current element, then remove the first element.

To calculate `dp[i][0]`, obtain the first element of the double-ended queue, which is `j`, and update `dp[i][0] = Math.max(nums[i], dp[j][0] + nums[i])`. To calculate dp`[i][1]`, simply calculate the value `dp[i][1] = Math.max(dp[i - 1][0], dp[i - 1][1])`.

Finally, return the maximum value of `dp[nums.length - 1][0]`, `dp[nums.length - 1][1]`.
