# 478. Generate Random Point in a Circle
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given the radius and x-y positions of the center of a circle, write a function `randPoint` which generates a uniform random point in the circle.

Note:

1. input and output values are in [floating-point](https://www.webopedia.com/TERM/F/floating_point_number.html).
2. radius and x-y position of the center of the circle is passed into the class constructor.
3. a point on the circumference of the circle is considered to be in the circle.
4. `randPoint` returns a size 2 array containing x-position and y-position of the random point, in that order.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 
["Solution","randPoint","randPoint","randPoint"]
[[1,0,0],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,[-0.72939,-0.65505],[-0.78502,-0.28626],[-0.83119,-0.19803]]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 
["Solution","randPoint","randPoint","randPoint"]
[[10,5,-7.5],[],[],[]]

**Output:** [null,[11.52438,-8.33273],[2.46992,-16.21705],[11.13430,-12.42337]]

**Explanation of Input Syntax:**

The input is two lists: the subroutines called and their arguments. `Solution`'s constructor has three arguments, the radius, x-position of the center, and y-position of the center of the circle. `randPoint` has no arguments. Arguments are always wrapped with a list, even if there aren't any.

## Solution
To generate a point in the circle, two factors need to be determined. The first factor is the distance of the point to the center of the circle. The second factor is the radian.

For the first factor, since the area of a circle has a square relationship to the radius of a circle, use the square root method to make sure that each point is generated uniformly.

For the second factor, select the `radian` uniformly in the range `[0, 2 * Math.PI)`, and use `Math.cos(radian)` and `Math.sin(radian)` together with the first factor to get the x-y positions.
