# 449. Serialize and Deserialize BST
## Level
Medium

## Description
Serialization is the process of converting a data structure or object into a sequence of bits so that it can be stored in a file or memory buffer, or transmitted across a network connection link to be reconstructed later in the same or another computer environment.

Design an algorithm to serialize and deserialize a **binary search tree**. There is no restriction on how your serialization/deserialization algorithm should work. You just need to ensure that a binary search tree can be serialized to a string and this string can be deserialized to the original tree structure.

**The encoded string should be as compact as possible.**

**Note:** Do not use class member/global/static variables to store states. Your serialize and deserialize algorithms should be stateless.

## Solution
For a binary search tree, its inorder traversal must be sorted in ascending order. Therefore, obtaining its preorder traversal is sufficient to reconstruct the binary search tree.

In `serialize`, obtain the binary search tree's inorder traversal where the solution to problem 144 can be used, convert it into a string, and return.

In `deserialize`, split te values from the string `data` to obtain the preorder traversal. Obtain its inorder traversal by sorting the elements. Then reconstruct the binary search tree using the preorder traversal and the inorder traversal where the solution to problem 105 and the solution to problem 1008 can be used, and return.
