# 411. Minimum Unique Word Abbreviation
## Level
Hard

## Description
A string such as `"word"` contains the following abbreviations:
```
["word", "1ord", "w1rd", "wo1d", "wor1", "2rd", "w2d", "wo2", "1o1d", "1or1", "w1r1", "1o2", "2r1", "3d", "w3", "4"]
```
Given a target string and a set of strings in a dictionary, find an abbreviation of this target string with the ***smallest possible*** length such that it does not conflict with abbreviations of the strings in the dictionary.

Each **number** or letter in the abbreviation is considered length = 1. For example, the abbreviation "a32bc" has length = 4.

**Note:**
* In the case of multiple answers as shown in the second example below, you may return any one of them.
* Assume length of target string = **m**, and dictionary size = **n**. You may assume that **m ≤ 21**, **n ≤ 1000**, and **log<sub>2</sub>(n) + m ≤ 20**.

**Examples:**
```
"apple", ["blade"] -> "a4" (because "5" or "4e" conflicts with "blade")

"apple", ["plain", "amber", "blade"] -> "1p3" (other valid answers include "ap3", "a3e", "2p2", "3le", "3l1").
```

## Solution
If the given `target` has length *n*, then since each character can either be in the abbreviation state or in the original state, there are 2<sup>*n*</sup> possible abbreviations in total.

Initialize the minimum abbreviation to `target` and the minimum abbreviation length to *n*. Then for each abbreviation, if it does not conflict with abbreviations of the strings in the dictionary and is shorter than the minimum abbreviation, then update the minimum abbreviation and the minimum abbreviation length.

To determine whether there is a conflict, loop over all words in the dictionary. For each word, if its length is the same as the target's length, then check whether the current abbreviation of the word is the same as the target's abbreviation. If so, there is a conflict. If no word has an abbreviation that is the same, then there is no conflict.

Finally, return the minimum abbreviation.
