# 1882. Process Tasks Using Servers
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two **0-indexed** integer arrays servers and tasks of lengths `n` and `m` respectively. `servers[i]` is the **weight** of the `i-th` server, and `tasks[j]` is the **time needed** to process the `j-th` task **in seconds**.

You are running a simulation system that will shut down after all tasks are processed. Each server can only process one task at a time. You will be able to process the `j-th` task starting from the `j-th` second beginning with the `0th` task at second `0`. To process task `j`, you assign it to the server with the **smallest weight** that is free, and in case of a tie, choose the server with the **smallest index**. If a free server gets assigned task `j` at second `t`, it will be free again at the second `t + tasks[j]`.

If there are no free servers, you must wait until one is free and execute the free tasks **as soon as possible**. If **multiple** tasks need to be assigned, assign them in order of **increasing index**.

You may assign multiple tasks at the same second if there are multiple free servers.

Build an array `ans` of length `m`, where `ans[j]` is the **index** of the server the `j-th` task will be assigned to.

Return *the array `ans`*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** servers = [3,3,2], tasks = [1,2,3,2,1,2]

**Output:** [2,2,0,2,1,2]

**Explanation:** Events in chronological order go as follows:
- At second 0, task 0 is added and processed using server 2 until second 1.
- At second 1, server 2 becomes free. Task 1 is added and processed using server 2 until second 3.
- At second 2, task 2 is added and processed using server 0 until second 5.
- At second 3, server 2 becomes free. Task 3 is added and processed using server 2 until second 5.
- At second 4, task 4 is added and processed using server 1 until second 5.
- At second 5, all servers become free. Task 5 is added and processed using server 2 until second 7.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** servers = [5,1,4,3,2], tasks = [2,1,2,4,5,2,1]

**Output:** [1,4,1,4,1,3,2]

**Explanation:** Events in chronological order go as follows: 
- At second 0, task 0 is added and processed using server 1 until second 2.
- At second 1, task 1 is added and processed using server 4 until second 2.
- At second 2, servers 1 and 4 become free. Task 2 is added and processed using server 1 until second 4. 
- At second 3, task 3 is added and processed using server 4 until second 7.
- At second 4, server 1 becomes free. Task 4 is added and processed using server 1 until second 9. 
- At second 5, task 5 is added and processed using server 3 until second 7.
- At second 6, task 6 is added and processed using server 2 until second 7.

**Constraints:**

* `servers.length == n`
* `tasks.length == m`
* `1 <= n, m <= 2 * 10^5`
* `1 <= servers[i], tasks[j] <= 2 * 10^5`

## Solution
Use two priority queues to store the available servers and the waiting servers, respectively. The first priority queue stores each server's weight and index, and the second priority queue stores each server's available time, weight and index.

Initially, all servers are added to the first priority queue.

For each task, poll all servers with available time less than or equal to the current time and add them to the first priority queue. Poll one server from the first priority queue and assign the server to the current task, and add the assigned server to the second priority queue with updated available time.
