# 1962. Remove Stones to Minimize the Total
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a **0-indexed** integer array `piles`, where `piles[i]` represents the number of stones in the `i-th` pile, and an integer `k`. You should apply the following operation **exactly** `k` times:

* Choose any `piles[i]` and **remove** `floor(piles[i] / 2)` stones from it.

**Notice** that you can apply the operation on the **same** pile more than once.

Return *the **minimum** possible total number of stones remaining after applying the `k` operations*.

`floor(x)` is the **greatest** integer that is **smaller8* than or **equal** to `x` (i.e., rounds `x` down).

**Example 1:**

**Input:** piles = [5,4,9], k = 2

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** Steps of a possible scenario are:
- Apply the operation on pile 2. The resulting piles are [5,4,5].
- Apply the operation on pile 0. The resulting piles are [3,4,5].

The total number of stones in [3,4,5] is 12.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** piles = [4,3,6,7], k = 3

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** Steps of a possible scenario are:
- Apply the operation on pile 3. The resulting piles are [4,3,3,7].
- Apply the operation on pile 4. The resulting piles are [4,3,3,4].
- Apply the operation on pile 0. The resulting piles are [2,3,3,4].

The total number of stones in [2,3,3,4] is 12.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= piles.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= piles[i] <= 10^4`
* `1 <= k <= 10^5`

## Solution
Use a greedy approach. To make the total number of stones remaining minimum, each time remove the most stones as possible. Therefore, each time select the pile with the maximum number of stones, and remove half of the stones from the pile. Use a priority queue to maintain the piles for each operation. Finally, return the sum of the remaining stones.
