# 1639. Number of Ways to Form a Target String Given a Dictionary
## Level
Hard

## Description
You are given a list of strings of the **same length** `words` and a string `target`.

Your task is to form `target` using the given `words` under the following rules:

* `target` should be formed from left to right.
* To form the `i-th` character (**0-indexed**) of `target`, you can choose the `k-th` character of the `j-th` string in `words` if `target[i] = words[j][k]`.
* Once you use the `k-th` character of the `j-th` string of `words`, you **can no longer** use the `x-th` character of any string in words where `x <= k`. In other words, all characters to the left of or at index `k` become unusuable for every string.
* Repeat the process until you form the string `target`.

**Notice** that you can use **multiple characters** from the **same string** in `words` provided the conditions above are met.

Return *the number of ways to form `target` from `words`*. Since the answer may be too large, return it **modulo** `10^9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** words = ["acca","bbbb","caca"], target = "aba"

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:** There are 6 ways to form target.

"aba" -> index 0 ("<u>a</u>cca"), index 1 ("b<u>b</u>bb"), index 3 ("cac<u>a</u>")

"aba" -> index 0 ("<u>a</u>cca"), index 2 ("bb<u>b</u>b"), index 3 ("cac<u>a</u>")

"aba" -> index 0 ("<u>a</u>cca"), index 1 ("b<u>b</u>bb"), index 3 ("acc<u>a</u>")

"aba" -> index 0 ("<u>a</u>cca"), index 2 ("bb<u>b</u>b"), index 3 ("acc<u>a</u>")

"aba" -> index 1 ("c<u>a</u>ca"), index 2 ("bb<u>b</u>b"), index 3 ("acc<u>a</u>")

"aba" -> index 1 ("c<u>a</u>ca"), index 2 ("bb<u>b</u>b"), index 3 ("cac<u>a</u>")

**Example 2:**

**Input:** words = ["abba","baab"], target = "bab"

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** There are 4 ways to form target.

"bab" -> index 0 ("<u>b</u>aab"), index 1 ("b<u>a</u>ab"), index 2 ("ab<u>b</u>a")

"bab" -> index 0 ("<u>b</u>aab"), index 1 ("b<u>a</u>ab"), index 3 ("baa<u>b</u>")

"bab" -> index 0 ("<u>b</u>aab"), index 2 ("ba<u>a</u>b"), index 3 ("baa<u>b</u>")

"bab" -> index 1 ("a<u>b</u>ba"), index 2 ("ba<u>a</u>b"), index 3 ("baa<u>b</u>")

**Example 3:**

**Input:** words = ["abcd"], target = "abcd"

**Output:** 1

**Example 4:**

**Input:** words = ["abab","baba","abba","baab"], target = "abba"

**Output:** 16

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= words.length <= 1000`
* `1 <= words[i].length <= 1000`
* All strings in words have the same length.
* `1 <= target.length <= 1000`
* `words[i]` and `target` contain only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
First, use a map to store the number of occurrences of each letter at each index. The key in the map is formed by `i * 26 + letterIndex`, where `i` is the index in each word and `letterIndex` is the index of the letter, where 0 to 25 correspond to a to z respectively.

Then, use dynamic programming and prefix sum. Create a 2D array `dp` with `target.length()` rows and `words[i].length()` columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the number of ways to form the first `i + 1` characters of `target` given the first `j + 1` characters of each word in `words`. Initialize `dp[0]` with each word's first letter and make each element in `dp[0]` be the prefix sum. For `i` from 1 to `target.length() - 1`, loop over `j` from `i` to `word.length() - target.length() + 1`, use `key = j * 26 + letterIndex` to obtain `curCount` from the map, and calculate `dp[i][j] = dp[i - 1][j - 1] * curCount`. Finally make each element in `dp[i]` be the prefix sum. Finally return `dp[target.length() - 1][words[i].length() - 1]`.
