# 1567. Maximum Length of Subarray With Positive Product
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array of integers `nums`, find the maximum length of a subarray where the product of all its elements is positive.

A subarray of an array is a consecutive sequence of zero or more values taken out of that array.

Return *the maximum length of a subarray with positive product*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums = [1,-2,-3,4]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The array nums already has a positive product of 24.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums = [0,1,-2,-3,-4]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The longest subarray with positive product is [1,-2,-3] which has a product of 6.

Notice that we cannot include 0 in the subarray since that'll make the product 0 which is not positive.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums = [-1,-2,-3,0,1]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** The longest subarray with positive product is [-1,-2] or [-2,-3].

**Example 4:**

**Input:** nums = [-1,2]

**Output:** 1

**Example 5:**

**Input:** nums = [1,2,3,5,-6,4,0,10]

**Output:** 4

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^5`
* `-10^9 <= nums[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
Obviously, a subarray with positive product cannot contain any zeros. Loop over `nums` and store the indices of negative elements. If a zero is met or the end of `nums` is met, calculate the number of negative elements in the subarray. If there are even negative elements, then the maximum length of the current subarray with positive product is just the length of the current subarray. Otherwise, try to remove the first and the last negative element, and find the maximum possible length.

After the whole array `nums` is checked, the maximum length of subarray with positive product can be found.
