# 1202. Smallest String With Swaps
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a string `s`, and an array of pairs of indices in the string `pairs` where `pairs[i] = [a, b]` indicates 2 indices(0-indexed) of the string.

You can swap the characters at any pair of indices in the given `pairs` **any number of times**.

Return the lexicographically smallest string that `s` can be changed to after using the swaps.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "dcab", pairs = [[0,3],[1,2]]

**Output:** "bacd"

**Explaination:**

Swap s[0] and s[3], s = "bcad"

Swap s[1] and s[2], s = "bacd"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "dcab", pairs = [[0,3],[1,2],[0,2]]

**Output:** "abcd"

**Explaination:**

Swap s[0] and s[3], s = "bcad"

Swap s[0] and s[2], s = "acbd"

Swap s[1] and s[2], s = "abcd"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "cba", pairs = [[0,1],[1,2]]

**Output:** "abc"

**Explaination:**

Swap s[0] and s[1], s = "bca"

Swap s[1] and s[2], s = "bac"

Swap s[0] and s[1], s = "abc"

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= pairs.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= pairs[i][0], pairs[i][1] < s.length`
* `s` only contains lower case English letters.

## Solution
Find the maximum connected components from the given `pairs`. For example, if both pairs `[a,b]` and `[b,c]` are in `pairs`, then `[a,b,c]` is a connected component. All the indices in the same connected component can be swapped any number of times. One way to find the maximum connected components is to use breadth first search. First, find each index's adjacent indices (in the example above, `a` has an adjacent index `b`, `b` has two adjacent indices `a` and `c`, and `c` has an adjacent index `b`). Next, for each index, if the index does not belong to any connected component, do breadth first search starting from the index and mark all the reachable indices (including the start index) to the current component number. Make sure that all the reachable indices from the start index have the same component number as the start index, and any unreachable index from the start index have a different component number as the start index.

After all nodes' component numbers are obtained, sort the characters at the indices that are in the same component. After the string is sorted, return the sorted string.
