# 1705. Maximum Number of Eaten Apples
## Level
Medium

## Description
There is a special kind of apple tree that grows apples every day for `n` days. On the `i-th` day, the tree grows `apples[i]` apples that will rot after `days[i]` days, that is on day `i + days[i]` the apples will be rotten and cannot be eaten. On some days, the apple tree does not grow any apples, which are denoted by `apples[i] == 0` and `days[i] == 0`.

You decided to eat **at most** one apple a day (to keep the doctors away). Note that you can keep eating after the first `n` days.

Given two integer arrays `days` and `apples` of length `n`, return *the maximum number of apples you can eat*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** apples = [1,2,3,5,2], days = [3,2,1,4,2]

**Output:** 7

**Explanation:** You can eat 7 apples:

- On the first day, you eat an apple that grew on the first day.

- On the second day, you eat an apple that grew on the second day.

- On the third day, you eat an apple that grew on the second day. After this day, the apples that grew on the third day rot.

- On the fourth to the seventh days, you eat apples that grew on the fourth day.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** apples = [3,0,0,0,0,2], days = [3,0,0,0,0,2]

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** You can eat 5 apples:
- On the first to the third day you eat apples that grew on the first day.
- Do nothing on the fouth and fifth days.
- On the sixth and seventh days you eat apples that grew on the sixth day.

**Constraints:**

* `apples.length == n`
* `days.length == n`
* `1 <= n <= 2 * 10^4`
* `0 <= apples[i], days[i] <= 2 * 10^4`
* `days[i] = 0` if and only if `apples[i] = 0`.

## Solution
Use a greedy approach. On each day, after several apples are picked from the apple tree, always eat the apple that has the earliest rotting day.

Use a tree map to store the apples' rotting days and the number of apples on each rotting day. For each day, first update the tree map using the elements in `apples` and `days`, and then find the earliest rotting day to update the number of eaten apples.

After the days are over, there may be remaining apples. Loop over the tree map and calculate the remaining apples that can be eaten before they rot.

Finally, return the number of eaten apples.
