# 1090. Largest Values From Labels
## Level
Medium

## Description
We have a set of items: the `i`-th item has value `values[i]` and label `labels[i]`.

Then, we choose a subset `S` of these items, such that:

* `|S| <= num_wanted`
* For every label `L`, the number of items in `S` with label `L` is `<= use_limit`.

Return the largest possible sum of the subset `S`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** values = [5,4,3,2,1], labels = [1,1,2,2,3], num_wanted = 3, use_limit = 1

**Output:** 9

**Explanation:** The subset chosen is the first, third, and fifth item.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** values = [5,4,3,2,1], labels = [1,3,3,3,2], num_wanted = 3, use_limit = 2

**Output:** 12

**Explanation:** The subset chosen is the first, second, and third item.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** values = [9,8,8,7,6], labels = [0,0,0,1,1], num_wanted = 3, use_limit = 1

**Output:** 16

**Explanation:** The subset chosen is the first and fourth item.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** values = [9,8,8,7,6], labels = [0,0,0,1,1], num_wanted = 3, use_limit = 2

**Output:** 24

**Explanation:** The subset chosen is the first, second, and fourth item.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= values.length == labels.length <= 20000`
2. `0 <= values[i], labels[i] <= 20000`
3. `1 <= num_wanted, use_limit <= values.length`

## Solution
Create a 2D array `valuesLabels` that stores elements from `values` and `labels`. For `0 <= i < values.length`, `valuesLabels[i][0] = values[i]` and `valuesLabels[i][1] = labels[i]`. Then sort `valuesLabels` according to values in descending order and then according to labels in ascending order.

Use a map to store each label's count (how many numbers that have the label have been selected in the subset), and use a set to store the labels whose count have reached `use_limit`.

Loop over `valuesLabels`. For each element, if the label is not in the set, then add the value to the sum, and increase the label's count in the map. If the label's count reaches `use_limit`, then add the label to the set. Repeat the process until the end of the 2D array is met or `num_wanted` elements are selected. Finally, return the sum.
