# 1860. Incremental Memory Leak
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two integers `memory1` and `memory2` representing the available memory in bits on two memory sticks. There is currently a faulty program running that consumes an increasing amount of memory every second.

At the `i-th` second (starting from 1), `i` bits of memory are allocated to the stick with **more available memory** (or from the first memory stick if both have the same available memory). If neither stick has at least `i` bits of available memory, the program **crashes**.

Return *an array containing `[crashTime, memory1_crash, memory2_crash]`, where `crashTime` is the time (in seconds) when the program crashed and `memory1_crash` and `memory2_crash` are the available bits of memory in the first and second sticks respectively*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** memory1 = 2, memory2 = 2

**Output:** [3,1,0]

**Explanation:** The memory is allocated as follows:
- At the 1st second, 1 bit of memory is allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 1 bit of available memory.
- At the 2nd second, 2 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 0 bits of available memory.
- At the 3rd second, the program crashes. The sticks have 1 and 0 bits available respectively.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** memory1 = 8, memory2 = 11

**Output:** [6,0,4]

**Explanation:** The memory is allocated as follows:
- At the 1st second, 1 bit of memory is allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 10 bit of available memory.
- At the 2nd second, 2 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 8 bits of available memory.
- At the 3rd second, 3 bits of memory are allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 5 bits of available memory.
- At the 4th second, 4 bits of memory are allocated to stick 2. The second stick now has 4 bits of available memory.
- At the 5th second, 5 bits of memory are allocated to stick 1. The first stick now has 0 bits of available memory.
- At the 6th second, the program crashes. The sticks have 0 and 4 bits available respectively.

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= memory1, memory2 <= 2^31 - 1`

## Solution
Simulate the process. Maintain a variable `time` with initial value 0. Each time increase `time` by 1 and update either `memory1` or `memory2`. Once both `memory1` and `memory2` are less than `time`, the program crashes, so return the array `[time, memory1, memory2]`.
