# 1067. Digit Count in Range
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an integer `d` between `0` and `9`, and two positive integers `low` and `high` as lower and upper bounds, respectively. Return the number of times that `d` occurs as a digit in all integers between `low` and `high`, including the bounds `low` and `high`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** d = 1, low = 1, high = 13

**Output:** 6

**Explanation:**

The digit d=1 occurs 6 times in 1,10,11,12,13. Note that the digit d=1 occurs twice in the number 11.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** d = 3, low = 100, high = 250

**Output:** 35

**Explanation:**

The digit d=3 occurs 35 times in 103,113,123,130,131,...,238,239,243.

**Note:**

1. `0 <= d <= 9`
2. `1 <= low <= high <= 2×10^8`

## Solution
Calculate the number of times that `d` occurs as a digit in all integers between 1 and `high`, and calculate the number of times that `d` occurs as a digit in all integers between 1 and `low - 1`. Then calculate the difference between the two numbers of times to obtain the result.

If `d` is not 0, the number of times is calculated as follows.
1. Loop over `i` from 1 to `n`. Each time set `i *= 10`.
2. The value `n / (i * 10) * i` represents the number of digit `d` at digit `i * 10`.
3. The value `Math.min(Math.max(n % (i * 10) - d * i + 1, 0), i)` represents the extra number of digit `d` at digit `i * 10`.
4. Calculate the number of times of `d` by calculating the sum of the values in the previous two steps.

If `d` is 0, the number of times is calculated as follows.
1. Loop over `i` from 1 to `n / 10`. Each time set `i *= 10`.
2. The value `(n / (i * 10) - 1) * i` represents the number of digit `d` at digit `i * 10`.
3. The value `Math.min(Math.max(n % (i * 10) - d * i + 1, 0), i)` represents the extra number of digit `d` at digit `i * 10`.
4. Calculate the number of times of `d` by calculating the sum of the values in the previous two steps.

The difference exists because digit 0 cannot appear at the highest digit, except the number 0. However, in this problem, both `low` and `high` are positive integers, so 0 is never in the range.
