# 947. Most Stones Removed with Same Row or Column
## Level
Medium

## Description
On a 2D plane, we place stones at some integer coordinate points.  Each coordinate point may have at most one stone.

Now, a *move* consists of removing a stone that shares a column or row with another stone on the grid.

What is the largest possible number of moves we can make?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** stones = [[0,0],[0,1],[1,0],[1,2],[2,1],[2,2]]

**Output:** 5

**Example 2:**

**Input:** stones = [[0,0],[0,2],[1,1],[2,0],[2,2]]

**Output:** 3

**Example 3:**

**Input:** stones = [[0,0]]

**Output:** 0

**Note:**

1. `1 <= stones.length <= 1000`
2. `0 <= stones[i][j] < 10000`

## Solution
If two stones are in the same row or in the same column, then the two stones are in the same connected component. The goal of the problem is to find the number of connected components on the 2D plane, and keep one stone in each connected component, while the rest of the stones are removed.

One way to find the connected components is to use union find. Since there are at most 10000 rows and 10000 columns, for each `stone = [i, j]`, set `j = j + 10000` and union `i` and `j`. Initially, each row and each column has an ancestor that is itself. After union operation on `[i, j]`, the elements `i` and `j + 10000` have the same ancestor. Two elements are in the same connected component if and only if they have the same ancestor.

After the number of connected components are obtained, the largest possible number of moves equals the number of stones minus the number of connected components. Return the largest possible number of moves.
