# 1813. Sentence Similarity III
## Level
Medium

## Description
A sentence is a list of words that are separated by a single space with no leading or trailing spaces. For example, `"Hello World"`, `"HELLO"`, `"hello world hello world"` are all sentences. Words consist of **only** uppercase and lowercase English letters.

Two sentences `sentence1` and `sentence2` are **similar** if it is possible to insert an arbitrary sentence **(possibly empty)** inside one of these sentences such that the two sentences become equal. For example, `sentence1 = "Hello my name is Jane"` and `sentence2 = "Hello Jane"` can be made equal by inserting `"my name is"` between `"Hello"` and `"Jane"` in `sentence2`.

Given two sentences `sentence1` and `sentence2`, return `true` *if `sentence1` and `sentence2` are similar*. Otherwise, return `false`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** sentence1 = "My name is Haley", sentence2 = "My Haley"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** sentence2 can be turned to sentence1 by inserting "name is" between "My" and "Haley".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** sentence1 = "of", sentence2 = "A lot of words"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** No single sentence can be inserted inside one of the sentences to make it equal to the other.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** sentence1 = "Eating right now", sentence2 = "Eating"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** sentence2 can be turned to sentence1 by inserting "right now" at the end of the sentence.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** sentence1 = "Luky", sentence2 = "Lucccky"

**Output:** false

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= sentence1.length, sentence2.length <= 100`
* `sentence1` and `sentence2` consist of lowercase and uppercase English letters and spaces.
* The words in `sentence1` and `sentence2` are separated by a single space.

## Solution
If `sentence1` and `sentence2` are equal, return `true`. Otherwise, split `sentence1` and `sentence2` into two arrays by spaces.

If the two arrays have the same length, then return `true` if and only if the two arrays are exactly the same.

If the two arrays have different lengths, then check whether it is possible to obtain the longer array by inserting a consecutive part into the shorter array. If so, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
