# 1185. Day of the Week
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given a date, return the corresponding day of the week for that date.

The input is given as three integers representing the day, month and year respectively.

Return the answer as one of the following values `{"Sunday", "Monday", "Tuesday", "Wednesday", "Thursday", "Friday", "Saturday"}`.

Example 1:

**Input:** day = 31, month = 8, year = 2019

**Output:** "Saturday"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** day = 18, month = 7, year = 1999

**Output:** "Sunday"

**Example 3:**

**Input:** day = 15, month = 8, year = 1993

**Output:** "Sunday"

**Constraints:**

* The given dates are valid dates between the years `1971` and `2100`.

## Solution
This problem can be solved in many ways. One way is to use formula. While there are several formulas, this solution uses the following formula.

*W* = *x* + [*x* / 4] + [*c* / 4] - 2*c* + [26(*m* + 1) / 10] + *d* - 1

In the formula, *c* and *x* represent the higher two digits of the year and the lower digits of the year respectively, *m* represents the month, and *d* represents the day. If *m* equals 1 or 2, then increase *m* by 12 and reduce the year by 1, and calculate *c* and *x* using the reduced year.

Square brackets represent ceiling operation that is use the greatest integer less than or equal to the current number. After *W* is figured out, calculate *W* mod 7 to get the remainder. The remainder should be non-negative. Finally, the remainder which is in range 0 to 6 decide the day of the week.

For example, for day = 31, month = 1, year = 2019, we have *x* = 18, *c* = 20, *m* = 13, *d* = 31 (remember the operation needs to be done when *m* equals 1 or 2). Use the formula above to get the value of *W*, which is 53, and *W* mod 7 equals 4, so the day of the week is Thursday.
