# 1540. Can Convert String in K Moves
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two strings `s` and `t`, your goal is to convert `s` into `t` in k moves or less.

During the `i-th` (`1 <= i <= k`) move you can:

* Choose any index `j` (1-indexed) from `s`, such that `1 <= j <= s.length` and `j` has not been chosen in any previous move, and shift the character at that index `i` times.
* Do nothing.

Shifting a character means replacing it by the next letter in the alphabet (wrapping around so that `'z'` becomes `'a'`). Shifting a character by `i` means applying the shift operations `i` times.

Remember that any index `j` can be picked at most once.

Return `true` if it's possible to convert `s` into `t` in no more than `k` moves, otherwise return `false`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "input", t = "ouput", k = 9

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** In the 6th move, we shift 'i' 6 times to get 'o'. And in the 7th move we shift 'n' to get 'u'.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "abc", t = "bcd", k = 10

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** We need to shift each character in s one time to convert it into t. We can shift 'a' to 'b' during the 1st move. However, there is no way to shift the other characters in the remaining moves to obtain t from s.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "aab", t = "bbb", k = 27

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** In the 1st move, we shift the first 'a' 1 time to get 'b'. In the 27th move, we shift the second 'a' 27 times to get 'b'.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length, t.length <= 10^5`
* `0 <= k <= 10^9`
* `s`, `t` contain only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
String `s` can be converted into string `t` only if `s` and `t` have the same length, so if their lengths are different, return `false`.

For each index, calculate the difference between the characters in `s` and `t`, where each difference is between 0 and 25, both inclusive. Then sort the differences and skip the differences that are 0. If the same difference occurs more than once, then for the following occurrences of the same difference, each difference should be increased by 26. If there exists a difference that exceeds `k`, then it is impossible to convert `s` into `t` in no more than `k` moves, so return `false`. If all differences are less than or equal to `k`, then return `true`.
