# 828. Count Unique Characters of All Substrings of a Given String
## Level
Hard

## Description
Let's define a function `countUniqueChars(s)` that returns the number of unique characters on `s`, for example if `s = "LEETCODE"` then `"L", "T","C","O","D"` are the unique characters since they appear only once in `s`, therefore `countUniqueChars(s) = 5`.

On this problem given a string `s` we need to return the sum of `countUniqueChars(t)` where `t` is a substring of `s`. Notice that some substrings can be repeated so on this case you have to count the repeated ones too.

Since the answer can be very large, return the answer modulo `10 ^ 9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "ABC"

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** All possible substrings are: "A","B","C","AB","BC" and "ABC".

Evey substring is composed with only unique letters.

Sum of lengths of all substring is 1 + 1 + 1 + 2 + 2 + 3 = 10

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "ABA"

**Output:** 8

**Explanation:** The same as example 1, except countUniqueChars("ABA") = 1.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "LEETCODE"

**Output:** 92

**Constraints:**

* `0 <= s.length <= 10^4`
* `s` contain upper-case English letters only.

## Solution
First loop over `s` to obtain the indices for each letter. For the same letter, as long as the substring does not contain two indices of the letter, the letter is always unique in the substring. Therefore, loop over the indices list of each letter, and for each index `currIndex`, obtain its previous index `prevIndex` and its next index `nextIndex`, which are -1 or `s.length()` if `currIndex` is already the first index or the last index of the letter, respectively, and calculate the current count as `(currIndex - prevIndex) * (nextIndex - currIndex)` and add the current count to the total count.
