# 1562. Find Latest Group of Size M
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an array `arr` that represents a permutation of numbers from `1` to `n`. You have a binary string of size n that initially has all its bits set to zero.

At each step `i` (assuming both the binary string and `arr` are 1-indexed) from `1` to `n`, the bit at position `arr[i]` is set to `1`. You are given an integer `m` and you need to find the latest step at which there exists a group of ones of length `m`. A group of ones is a contiguous substring of 1s such that it cannot be extended in either direction.

Return *the latest step at which there exists a group of ones of length exactly* `m`. *If no such group exists, return `-1`.*

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [3,5,1,2,4], m = 1

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

Step 1: "00100", groups: ["1"]

Step 2: "00101", groups: ["1", "1"]

Step 3: "10101", groups: ["1", "1", "1"]

Step 4: "11101", groups: ["111", "1"]

Step 5: "11111", groups: ["11111"]

The latest step at which there exists a group of size 1 is step 4.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [3,1,5,4,2], m = 2

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:**

Step 1: "00100", groups: ["1"]

Step 2: "10100", groups: ["1", "1"]

Step 3: "10101", groups: ["1", "1", "1"]

Step 4: "10111", groups: ["1", "111"]

Step 5: "11111", groups: ["11111"]

No group of size 2 exists during any step.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr = [1], m = 1

**Output:** 1

**Example 4:**

**Input:** arr = [2,1], m = 2

**Output:** 2

**Constraints:**

* `n == arr.length`
* `1 <= n <= 10^5`
* `1 <= arr[i] <= n`
* All integers in `arr` are **distinct**.
* `1 <= m <= arr.length`

## Solution
Consider the process backwards. Initially there is only one group from index 1 to index `n`. For each step, an index is inserted so that the previous group(s) are split or shortened.

Use a tree map to store each group's start index and end index. Use a hash map to store the lengths of each group and the number of groups of each length. For each index in `arr`, first check whether there exists a group with size `m`. If so, return the current step number. Otherwise, find the original group it belongs to, and calculate the new group(s) after inserting this index, with the two maps updated.

If no step with group size `m` is found, return -1.
