# 1195. Fizz Buzz Multithreaded
## Level
Medium

## Description
Write a program that outputs the string representation of numbers from 1 to *n*, however:

* If the number is divisible by 3, output "fizz".
* If the number is divisible by 5, output "buzz".
* If the number is divisible by both 3 and 5, output "fizzbuzz".

For example, for `n = 15`, we output: `1, 2, fizz, 4, buzz, fizz, 7, 8, fizz, buzz, 11, fizz, 13, 14, fizzbuzz`.

Suppose you are given the following code:
```
class FizzBuzz {
  public FizzBuzz(int n) { ... }               // constructor
  public void fizz(printFizz) { ... }          // only output "fizz"
  public void buzz(printBuzz) { ... }          // only output "buzz"
  public void fizzbuzz(printFizzBuzz) { ... }  // only output "fizzbuzz"
  public void number(printNumber) { ... }      // only output the numbers
}
```
Implement a multithreaded version of `FizzBuzz` with **four** threads. The same instance of `FizzBuzz` will be passed to four different threads:

1. Thread A will call `fizz()` to check for divisibility of 3 and outputs `fizz`.
2. Thread B will call `buzz()` to check for divisibility of 5 and outputs `buzz`.
3. Thread C will call `fizzbuzz()` to check for divisibility of 3 and 5 and outputs `fizzbuzz`.
4. Thread D will call `number()` which should only output the numbers.

## Solution
This problem can be solved using semaphores. In the class, create one semaphores. Also maintain an integer `i` with keyword `volatile`.

For the constructor, initialize `i = 1`, and initialize the semaphore to have 1 permit.

For each method, create a loop. In the loop, first acquire a permit from the semaphore. If `i > n`, break the loop. Otherwise, if `i` meets the current condition, output the corresponding string or number and increase `i` by 1. Then release a permit back to the semaphore. Use `try-finally` block to avoid waiting infinitely.
