# 162. Find Peak Element
## Level
Medium

## Description
A peak element is an element that is greater than its neighbors.

Given an input array `nums`, where `nums[i] != nums[i+1]`, find a peak element and return its index.

The array may contain multiple peaks, in that case return the index to any one of the peaks is fine.

You may imagine that `nums[-1] = nums[n] = -∞`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** **nums** = [1,2,3,1]

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** 3 is a peak element and your function should return the index number 2.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** **nums** = [1,2,1,3,5,6,4]

**Output:** 1 or 5 

**Explanation:** Your function can return either index number 1 where the peak element is 2, or index number 5 where the peak element is 6.

**Note:**

Your solution should be in logarithmic complexity.

## Solution
Since logarithmic complexity is required, use the idea of binary search.

FIrst consider some simple cases. If the array's length is 1, then the element in the array is the peak element, so return 0. If the array's leftmost element is greater than its adjacent element, return 0. If the array's rightmost element is greater than its adjacent element, return `nums.length - 1`.

For other cases, use the idea of binary search. Initially, two pointers `low` and `high` point to 0 and `nums.length - 1` respectively. Each time set `mid` to be the average of `low` and `high`. If `mid` is the leftmost index or the rightmost index, or the element at index `mid` is greater than both its adjacent elements, return `mid`. Otherwise, if `mid` is greater than the element to its left, set `low = mid` to continue searching in the right part. If `mid` is less than the element to its left, set `high = mid` to continue searching in the left part.
