# 444. Sequence Reconstruction
## Level
Medium

## Description
Check whether the original sequence org can be uniquely reconstructed from the sequences in `seqs`. The `org` sequence is a permutation of the integers from 1 to n, with 1 ≤ n ≤ 10<sup>4</sup>. Reconstruction means building a shortest common supersequence of the sequences in `seqs` (i.e., a shortest sequence so that all sequences in `seqs` are subsequences of it). Determine whether there is only one sequence that can be reconstructed from `seqs` and it is the `org` sequence.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

org: [1,2,3], seqs: [[1,2],[1,3]]

**Output:**

false

**Explanation:**

[1,2,3] is not the only one sequence that can be reconstructed, because [1,3,2] is also a valid sequence that can be reconstructed.

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

org: [1,2,3], seqs: [[1,2]]

**Output:**

false

**Explanation:**

The reconstructed sequence can only be [1,2].

**Example 3:**

**Input:**

org: [1,2,3], seqs: [[1,2],[1,3],[2,3]]

**Output:**

true

**Explanation:**

The sequences [1,2], [1,3], and [2,3] can uniquely reconstruct the original sequence [1,2,3].

**Example 4:**

**Input:**

org: [4,1,5,2,6,3], seqs: [[5,2,6,3],[4,1,5,2]]

**Output:**

true

## Solution
If only one sequence can be reconstructed from `seqs`, then `seqs` must contain all adjacent subsequences of length 2 in `org`. It is possible that `seqs` contains a subsequence that has length greater than 2 and the elements in the subsequence are all adjacent in `org`. Besides, `seqs` must contain all the numbers in `org` but can't contain any number that is not in `org`.

Use a map to store each number and its corresponding index in `org`. Use an array of type `boolean` to store whether each adjacent subsequence is contained in `seqs`. Use a set to store the numbers in `seqs`.

Loop over `org` to fill in the map. For each sequence in `seqs`, first check all the numbers in the sequence. If a number is greater than `org.length`, then the number can't be in `org`, so return `false`. Otherwise, add the number to the set. Then check each pair of adjacent numbers. If two adjacet numbers' indices in `org` are adjacent and the former number's index is less than the latter number's index, then set the element at the former number's index in the `boolean` array to `true`. If the former number's index is greater than or equal to the latter number's index, then there is a conflict, so return `false`.

After the loop, check the set's size. If the set's size is less than `org.length`, then return `false`. Then check all the elements in the `boolean` array. If there is a `false`, then return `false`. Otherwise, return `true`.
