# 621. Task Scheduler
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a char array representing tasks CPU need to do. It contains capital letters A to Z where different letters represent different tasks. Tasks could be done without original order. Each task could be done in one interval. For each interval, CPU could finish one task or just be idle.

However, there is a non-negative cooling interval **n** that means between two **same tasks**, there must be at least n intervals that CPU are doing different tasks or just be idle.

You need to return the **least** number of intervals the CPU will take to finish all the given tasks.

**Example:**

Input: tasks = ["A","A","A","B","B","B"], n = 2
Output: 8
Explanation: A -> B -> idle -> A -> B -> idle -> A -> B.

**Note:**

1. The number of tasks is in the range [1, 10000].
2. The integer n is in the range [0, 100].

## Solution
Use priority queue. Each element in the priority queue is an object that contains a task and the count of the task, where the task with the maximum count is polled fist.

Loop over `tasks` and count the number of each task, and for each task, create an object of the task and its count and offer the object into the priority queue.

Since the cooling interval n is given, doing n + 1 different tasks each round won't have idle time. Therefore, each round select at most n + 1 objects of different tasks from the priority queue, update their counts and add the number of intervals to the total number of intervals. If there are remaining tasks, then add idle intervals if necessary. Then offer the updated objects to the priority queue.

Finally, return the total number of intervals.
