# 1048. Longest String Chain
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a list of words, each word consists of English lowercase letters.

Let's say `word1` is a predecessor of `word2` if and only if we can add exactly one letter anywhere in `word1` to make it equal to `word2`. For example, `"abc"` is a predecessor of `"abac"`.

A *word chain* is a sequence of words `[word_1, word_2, ..., word_k]` with `k >= 1`, where `word_1` is a predecessor of `word_2`, `word_2` is a predecessor of `word_3`, and so on.

Return the longest possible length of a word chain with words chosen from the given list of `words`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["a","b","ba","bca","bda","bdca"]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** one of the longest word chain is "a","ba","bda","bdca".

**Note:**

1. `1 <= words.length <= 1000`
2. `1 <= words[i].length <= 16`
3. `words[i]` only consists of English lowercase letters.

## Solution
Sort the array `words` according to the words' lengths in ascending order.

If `word1` is a predecessor of `word2`, then the length of `word1` is less than the length of `word2` by 1 and `word1` is a subsequence of `word2`. Find the first index `i` such that `words[i]` has length greater than the shortest word in `words` by 1. Obviously, if all words in `words` have the same length, then the longest possible length of a word chain is 1.

Create an array `dp` with length `words.length` where `dp[i]` represent the longest possible length of a word chain that ends at `words[i]`. Initialize all elements in `dp` to 1.

Do dynamic programming starting from the first index `i` mentioned above. For each index `i`, check all its previous words. For each index `j` such that `j < i` and `words[j]` is a predecessor of `words[i]`, update `dp[i] = Math.max(dp[i], dp[j] + 1]`. Finally, loop over `dp` and obtain the largest element, and return.
