# 785. Is Graph Bipartite
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an undirected `graph`, return `true` if and only if it is bipartite.

Recall that a graph is bipartite if we can split it's set of nodes into two independent subsets A and B such that every edge in the graph has one node in A and another node in B.

The graph is given in the following form: `graph[i]` is a list of indexes `j` for which the edge between nodes `i` and `j` exists.  Each node is an integer between `0` and `graph.length - 1`. There are no self edges or parallel edges: `graph[i]` does not contain `i`, and it doesn't contain any element twice.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: [[1,3], [0,2], [1,3], [0,2]]
Output: true
Explanation: 
The graph looks like this:
0----1
|    |
|    |
3----2
We can divide the vertices into two groups: {0, 2} and {1, 3}.
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: [[1,2,3], [0,2], [0,1,3], [0,2]]
Output: false
Explanation: 
The graph looks like this:
0----1
| \  |
|  \ |
3----2
We cannot find a way to divide the set of nodes into two independent subsets.
```

**Note:**

* `graph` will have length in range `[1, 100]`.
* `graph[i]` will contain integers in range `[0, graph.length - 1]`.
* `graph[i]` will not contain `i` or duplicate values.
* The graph is undirected: if any element `j` is in `graph[i]`, then `i` will be in `graph[j]`.

## Solution
Use the idea of depth first search. For each node, assign a color to the node, which is 0 or 1. Initially, all nodes have colors -1, which means unvisited. Starting from node 0, assign color 0 to it, obtain all its adjacent nodes, and check each adjacent node. If an adjacent node has color -1, then assign a different color to it (assign 1 to the adjacent node if the previous node has color 0, or assign 0 to the adjacent node if the previous node has color 1). If an adjacent node has the same color as the previous node, return `false`. If no conflict is met, return `true`.
