# 1220. Count Vowels Permutation
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an integer `n`, your task is to count how many strings of length `n` can be formed under the following rules:

* Each character is a lower case vowel (`'a'`, `'e'`, `'i'`, `'o'`, `'u'`)
* Each vowel `'a'` may only be followed by an `'e'`.
* Each vowel `'e'` may only be followed by an `'a'` or an `'i'`.
* Each vowel `'i'` **may not** be followed by another `'i'`.
* Each vowel `'o'` may only be followed by an `'i'` or a `'u'`.
* Each vowel `'u'` may only be followed by an `'a'`.

Since the answer may be too large, return it modulo `10^9 + 7`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** n = 1

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:** All possible strings are: "a", "e", "i" , "o" and "u".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** n = 2

**Output:** 10

**Explanation:** All possible strings are: "ae", "ea", "ei", "ia", "ie", "io", "iu", "oi", "ou" and "ua".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** n = 5

**Output:** 68

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= n <= 2 * 10^4`

## Solution
In the problem description, the rules are that each vowel can be followed by which vowels. The rules can be converted in another form, which is each vowel can follow which vowels. The convered rules are as follows.

* Each vowel `'a'` may only follow an `'e'`, an `'i'` or a `'u'`.
* Each vowel `'e'` may only follow an `'a'` or an `'i'`.
* Each vowel `'i'` may only follow an `'e'` or an `'o'`.
* Each vowel `'o'` may only follow an `'i'`.
* Each vowel `'u'` may only follow an `'i'` or an `'o'`.

This can be solved using dynamic programming. Create a 2D array `dp` of `n` rows and 5 columns, where `dp[i][j]` represents the number of strings that can be formed under the rules such that the strings have length `j + 1` and the last letter is the `i`-th letter. Initialize `dp[0][j] = 1` for all `0 <= j < 5`. For `i` from 1 to `n - 1`, fill in the values in `dp[i]` from the values in `dp[i - 1]`. Always do the modulo operation when a value is calculated. Finally, calculate the sum of the elements in `dp[n - 1]`, calculate the modulo result of the sum and return.
