# 1297. Maximum Number of Occurrences of a Substring
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s`, return the maximum number of ocurrences of **any** substring under the following rules:

* The number of unique characters in the substring must be less than or equal to `maxLetters`.
* The substring size must be between `minSize` and `maxSize` inclusive.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "aababcaab", maxLetters = 2, minSize = 3, maxSize = 4

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Substring "aab" has 2 ocurrences in the original string.

It satisfies the conditions, 2 unique letters and size 3 (between minSize and maxSize).

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "aaaa", maxLetters = 1, minSize = 3, maxSize = 3

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** Substring "aaa" occur 2 times in the string. It can overlap.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "aabcabcab", maxLetters = 2, minSize = 2, maxSize = 3

**Output:** 3

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "abcde", maxLetters = 2, minSize = 3, maxSize = 3

**Output:** 0

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= maxLetters <= 26`
* `1 <= minSize <= maxSize <= min(26, s.length)`
* `s` only contains lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Let `length` be the length of the given string `s`, for a substring with length between `minSize` and `maxSize` inclusive, the start index of the substring is between `0` and `length - minSize` inclusive.

For each start index, consider all possible substrings with length between `minSize` and `maxSize` inclusive (if the start index is large, then it is possible that the maximum length of the substring is less than `maxSize`). If the unique characters in the substring is less than or equal to `maxLetters`, then update the number of ocurrences of the substring. Otherwise, no more substrings starting with the current start index will satisfy the rules (the existent characters won't be deleted, and new characters will be added for longer substrings), so go to the next start index.

Use a `Map` to store the number of ocurrences of each substring. Also use a `Map` to store the number of unique characters in the current substring.

After all substrings are considered, iterate over the `Map` that stores the number of ocurrences of each substring, and get the maximum number of occurrences and return.
