# 1775. Equal Sum Arrays With Minimum Number of Operations
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given two arrays of integers `nums1` and `nums2`, possibly of different lengths. The values in the arrays are between `1` and `6`, inclusive.

In one operation, you can change any integer's value in **any** of the arrays to any value between `1` and `6`, inclusive.

Return *the minimum number of operations required to make the sum of values in `nums1` equal to the sum of values in `nums2`*. Return `-1` if it is not possible to make the sum of the two arrays equal.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,2,3,4,5,6], nums2 = [1,1,2,2,2,2]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** You can make the sums of nums1 and nums2 equal with 3 operations. All indices are 0-indexed.
- Change nums2[0] to 6. nums1 = [1,2,3,4,5,6], nums2 = [6,1,2,2,2,2].
- Change nums1[5] to 1. nums1 = [1,2,3,4,5,1], nums2 = [6,1,2,2,2,2].
- Change nums1[2] to 2. nums1 = [1,2,2,4,5,1], nums2 = [6,1,2,2,2,2].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** nums1 = [1,1,1,1,1,1,1], nums2 = [6]

**Output:** -1

**Explanation:** There is no way to decrease the sum of nums1 or to increase the sum of nums2 to make them equal.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** nums1 = [6,6], nums2 = [1]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** You can make the sums of nums1 and nums2 equal with 3 operations. All indices are 0-indexed. 
- Change nums1[0] to 2. nums1 = [2,6], nums2 = [1].
- Change nums1[1] to 2. nums1 = [2,2], nums2 = [1].
- Change nums2[0] to 4. nums1 = [2,2], nums2 = [4].

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= nums1.length, nums2.length <= 10^5`
* `1 <= nums1[i], nums2[i] <= 6`

## Solution
Use greedy approach. First calculate the sum of `nums1` and the sum of `nums2` and determine whether it is possible to make two arrays have equal sum. Next count the occurrences of numbers from 1 to 6 in both arrays `nums1` and `nums2`, and count the differences from 1 to 5. Use the difference between two sums and the differences to determine the minimum number of operations.
