# 1354. Construct Target Array With Multiple Sums
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an array of integers `target`. From a starting array, `A` consisting of all 1's, you may perform the following procedure:

* let `x` be the sum of all elements currently in your array.
* choose index `i`, such that `0 <= i < target.size` and set the value of `A` at index `i` to `x`.
* You may repeat this procedure as many times as needed.

Return True if it is possible to construct the `target` array from `A` otherwise return False.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** target = [9,3,5]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Start with [1, 1, 1] 

[1, 1, 1], sum = 3 choose index 1

[1, 3, 1], sum = 5 choose index 2

[1, 3, 5], sum = 9 choose index 0

[9, 3, 5] Done

**Example 2:**

**Input:** target = [1,1,1,2]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** Impossible to create target array from [1,1,1,1].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** target = [8,5]

**Output:** true

**Constraints:**

`N == target.length`
`1 <= target.length <= 5 * 10^4`
`1 <= target[i] <= 10^9`

## Solution
Starting from the starting array where `A` consists of all 1's is time-consuming, so the solution is to simulate the process backward.

Since the starting array `A` consists of all 1's, which are all positive numbers, the sum of all elements in the array is also positive and greater than any element in the array, and after replacing an element with the sum, the replaced element must be greater than the original element. Therefore, at any step after the starting array, the maximum element in the array is the one that has been replaced with the sum.

To simulate the process backward, each time calculate the sum of the array and find the maximum element in the array, calculate the difference between the sum and the maximum element, and decrease the maximum element by the difference. Repeat the process until all elements become 1 or a non-positive element appears. If all elements become 1, return `true`. Otherwise, a non-positive element will eventually appear, and return `false`.

The algorithm is still quite time-consuming when the sum is far greater than the maximum element. To reduce runtime, calculate the remainder instead. Pay attention to the case that the remainder is 0, where the maximum element is reduced to the difference instead (not reduced to 0).
