# 839. Similar String Groups
## Level
Hard

## Description
Two strings `X` and `Y` are similar if we can swap two letters (in different positions) of `X`, so that it equals `Y`. Also two strings `X` and `Y` are similar if they are equal.

For example, `"tars"` and `"rats"` are similar (swapping at positions `0` and `2`), and `"rats"` and `"arts"` are similar, but `"star"` is not similar to `"tars"`, `"rats"`, or `"arts"`.

Together, these form two connected groups by similarity: `{"tars", "rats", "arts"}` and `{"star"}`.  Notice that `"tars"` and `"arts"` are in the same group even though they are not similar.  Formally, each group is such that a word is in the group if and only if it is similar to at least one other word in the group.

We are given a list `A` of strings. Every string in `A` is an anagram of every other string in `A`. How many groups are there?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** A = ["tars","rats","arts","star"]

**Output:** 2

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= A.length <= 2000`
* `1 <= A[i].length <= 1000`
* `A.length * A[i].length <= 20000`
* All words in `A` consist of lowercase letters only.
* All words in `A` have the same length and are anagrams of each other.
* The judging time limit has been increased for this question.

## Solution
Use union find. Use two maps to store each string and its group and to store each group and the set of strings of the group. Initially, each string's group is its index in `A`, and each group's set contains only one string. For each pair of strings in `A`, if their difference is 0 or 2, then merge them into the same group, with the smaller group number remained. Finally, return the number of groups remained.
