# 174. Dungeon Game
## Level
Hard

## Description
The demons had captured the princess (**P**) and imprisoned her in the bottom-right corner of a dungeon. The dungeon consists of M x N rooms laid out in a 2D grid. Our valiant knight (**K**) was initially positioned in the top-left room and must fight his way through the dungeon to rescue the princess.

The knight has an initial health point represented by a positive integer. If at any point his health point drops to 0 or below, he dies immediately.

Some of the rooms are guarded by demons, so the knight loses health (*negative* integers) upon entering these rooms; other rooms are either empty (*0*'s) or contain magic orbs that increase the knight's health (*positive* integers).

In order to reach the princess as quickly as possible, the knight decides to move only rightward or downward in each step.

**Write a function to determine the knight's minimum initial health so that he is able to rescue the princess.**

For example, given the dungeon below, the initial health of the knight must be at least **7** if he follows the optimal path `RIGHT -> RIGHT -> DOWN -> DOWN`.

-2 (K) | -3 | 3
-5 | -10 | 1
10 | 30 | -5 (P)

**Note:**

* The knight's health has no upper bound.
* Any room can contain threats or power-ups, even the first room the knight enters and the bottom-right room where the princess is imprisoned.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Let `dp` be a 2D array with `M` rows and `N` columns (the same shape as `dungeon` array). Each element in `dp` represents the knight's minimum health point so that he is able to reach the room.

Since the knight moves only rightward or downward, for each room in the downmost row and the rightmost column, the minimum health point for each room must be at least the minimum health point for the next room minus the current room's value. Also, the minimum health point for each room must be at least 1.

For the rest of the rooms, the knight can move either rightward or downward. To obtain the knight's minimum health point at this room, choose the next room with a lower health point (the next room is the room to the right or the room to the down). The minimum health point for each room must be at least the minimum health point for the next room minus the current room's value. Also, the minimum health point for each room must be at least 1.

Finally, `dp[0][0]` represents the knight's minimum initial health and return the value.
