# 1003. Check If Word Is Valid After Substitutions
## Level
Medium

## Description
We are given that the string `"abc"` is valid.

From any valid string `V`, we may split `V` into two pieces `X` and `Y` such that `X + Y` (`X` concatenated with `Y`) is equal to `V`. (`X` or `Y` may be empty.) Then, `X + "abc" + Y` is also valid.

If for example `S = "abc"`, then examples of valid strings are: `"abc", "aabcbc", "abcabc", "abcabcababcc"`. Examples of **invalid** strings are: "`abccba", "ab", "cababc", "bac"`.

Return `true` if and only if the given string `S` is valid.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "aabcbc"

**Output:** true

**Explanation: **

We start with the valid string "abc".

Then we can insert another "abc" between "a" and "bc", resulting in "a" + "abc" + "bc" which is "aabcbc".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "abcabcababcc"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**

"abcabcabc" is valid after consecutive insertings of "abc".

Then we can insert "abc" before the last letter, resulting in "abcabcab" + "abc" + "c" which is "abcabcababcc".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "abccba"

**Output:** false

**Example 4:**

**Input:** "cababc"

**Output:** false

**Note:**

1. `1 <= S.length <= 20000`
2. `S[i]` is `'a'`, `'b'`, or `'c'`

## Solution
Use a stack to store the letters in the string `S`. Loop over `S` from left to right. For each letter, if the letter is `'a'` or `'b'`, then push it into the stack. If the letter is `'c'`, then its two previous letters must be `'b'` and `'a'` (in the popped order). If the stack's size is less than 2, then return `false`. Pop two letters from the stack, which are `c2` and `c1` in the order that they are popped. If `c2` is not `'b'` and `c1` is not `'a'`, then return `false`. Finally, return `true` if and only if the stack is empty.
