# 330. Patching Array
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given a sorted positive integer array *nums* and an integer *n*, add/patch elements to the array such that any number in range `[1, n]` inclusive can be formed by the sum of some elements in the array. Return the minimum number of patches required.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** *nums* = [1,3], *n* = 6

**Output:** 1 

**Explanation:**

Combinations of nums are [1], [3], [1,3], which form possible sums of: 1, 3, 4.

Now if we add/patch 2 to nums, the combinations are: [1], [2], [3], [1,3], [2,3], [1,2,3].

Possible sums are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, which now covers the range [1, 6].
So we only need 1 patch.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** *nums* = [1,5,10], *n* = 20

**Output:** 2

**Explanation:** The two patches can be [2, 4].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** *nums* = [1,2,2], *n* = 5

**Output:** 0

## Solution
The basic idea is that, if the sum of the current elements (including patched elements) is `sum`, and all numbers that do not exceed `sum` can be represented by the sum of some elements in the array (including patched elements), then if the next element is less than or equal to `sum + 1`, then no element needs to be patched at this point, since all numbers that do not exceed `sum + 1` can be represented by the sum of some elements in the array (including patched elements). Otherwise, an element needs to be patched. The patched element should be as large as possible, so it should be `sum + 1`, since `sum + 1` is missing. After an element is patched, add the patched element to the total sum as well. Then add the current element in the original array to the total sum. If the total sum reaches *n*, then no more elements need to be patched. If the end of the array is reached and the total sum is still less than *n*, then only consider the elements that need to be patched, until the total sum reaches *n*. Finally, return the number of patched elements.
