# 156. Binary Tree Upside Down
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a binary tree where all the right nodes are either leaf nodes with a sibling (a left node that shares the same parent node) or empty, flip it upside down and turn it into a tree where the original right nodes turned into left leaf nodes. Return the new root.

**Example:**
```
Input: [1,2,3,4,5]

    1
   / \
  2   3
 / \
4   5

Output: return the root of the binary tree [4,5,2,#,#,3,1]

   4
  / \
 5   2
    / \
   3   1
```
**Clarification:**

Confused what `[4,5,2,#,#,3,1]` means? Read more below on how binary tree is serialized on OJ.

The serialization of a binary tree follows a level order traversal, where '#' signifies a path terminator where no node exists below.

Here's an example:
```
   1
  / \
 2   3
    /
   4
    \
     5
The above binary tree is serialized as [1,2,3,#,#,4,#,#,5].
```

## Solution
If the tree is empty or has only one node, then return the root of the tree directly without any modification.

Use a stack to store the nodes from the root to the leftmost node. Each time push a node into the stack and move to its left child, until the leftmost node is met.

Pop the leftmost node from the stack, which is the new root. Then each time pop a node `node` from the stack, and obtain its two children `prevLeft` and `prevRight`, where `prevLeft` is the new root in the subtree after flipping. Set `prevLeft.left = prevRight` and `prevLeft.right = node` for `prevLeft`, and set both `prevRight` and `node` to leaf nodes, which means setting both children for each node to `null` (for `prevRight`, set it to a leaf node only if it is not `null` itself).

Finally, return the new root.
