# 886. Possible Bipartition
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a set of `N` people (numbered `1, 2, ..., N`), we would like to split everyone into two groups of **any** size.

Each person may dislike some other people, and they should not go into the same group. 

Formally, if `dislikes[i] = [a, b]`, it means it is not allowed to put the people numbered `a` and `b` into the same group.

Return `true` if and only if it is possible to split everyone into two groups in this way.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** N = 4, dislikes = [[1,2],[1,3],[2,4]]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** group1 [1,4], group2 [2,3]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** N = 3, dislikes = [[1,2],[1,3],[2,3]]

**Output:** false

**Example 3:**

**Input:** N = 5, dislikes = [[1,2],[2,3],[3,4],[4,5],[1,5]]

**Output:** false

**Note:**

1. `1 <= N <= 2000`
2. `0 <= dislikes.length <= 10000`
3. `1 <= dislikes[i][j] <= N`
4. `dislikes[i][0] < dislikes[i][1]`
5. There does not exist `i != j` for which `dislikes[i] == dislikes[j]`.

## Solution
Consider a graph, where the `N` people are `N` nodes, and each `dislike = [a, b]` in `dislikes` represent an edge that connects person `a` and person `b`. All the nodes are split into two groups, and for each edge, the two nodes that the edge connect must belong to two different groups.

If a person has degree 0, which means there are no people that dislike the person and the person dislikes nobody, then it does not matter which group the person belongs to. Otherwise, the group of the person matters.

For each person, obtain all the people that the person dislikes, and the people are connected to the person in the graph. Starting from any person that has degree greater than 0, do breadth first search. For the person to start with, assign the person to group 1. Then for each person that has been visited, let the person's group be `g` and obtain all the adjacent people in the graph (that is, the people that the person dislikes), try to assign a different group to each adjacent person, and offer each adjacent person to the queue for the next step's search. If an adjacent person is already assigned a group and the group is also group `g`, then return `false`.

If no conflict is met, return `true`.
