# 656. Coin Path
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an array `A` (index starts at `1`) consisting of N integers: A<sub>1</sub>, A<sub>2</sub>, ..., A<sub>N</sub> and an integer `B`. The integer `B` denotes that from any place (suppose the index is `i`) in the array `A`, you can jump to any one of the place in the array `A` indexed `i+1`, `i+2`, ..., `i+B` if this place can be jumped to. Also, if you step on the index `i`, you have to pay A<sub>i</sub> coins. If A<sub>i</sub> is -1, it means you can¡¯t jump to the place indexed `i` in the array.

Now, you start from the place indexed `1` in the array `A`, and your aim is to reach the place indexed `N` using the minimum coins. You need to return the path of indexes (starting from 1 to N) in the array you should take to get to the place indexed `N` using minimum coins.

If there are multiple paths with the same cost, return the lexicographically smallest such path.

If it's not possible to reach the place indexed N then you need to return an empty array.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [1,2,4,-1,2], 2

**Output:** [1,3,5]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [1,2,4,-1,2], 1

**Output:** []

Note:

1. Path Pa<sub>1</sub>, Pa<sub>2</sub>, ..., Pa<sub>n</sub> is lexicographically smaller than Pb<sub>1</sub>, Pb<sub>2</sub>, ..., Pb<sub>m</sub>, if and only if at the first `i` where Pa<sub>i</sub> and Pb<sub>i</sub> differ, Pa<sub>i</sub> < Pb<sub>i</sub>; when no such `i` exists, then `n` < `m`.
2. A<sub>1</sub> >= 0. A<sub>2</sub>, ..., A<sub>N</sub> (if exist) will in the range of [-1, 100].
3. Length of A is in the range of [1, 1000].
4. B is in the range of [1, 100].

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create an array `dp` and an array `next` of length `A.length`, where `dp[i]` represents the total cost starting from index `i` to the end, and `next[i]` represents the next index of index `i` in the path with minimum cost.

Initialize `dp` such that all elements are `Integer.MAX_VALUE` and initialize `next` such that all elements are `A.length`. If the last element in `A` is not -1, then set the last element of `dp` to be the last element of `A`.

Loop over `A` backwards from index `A.length - 2` to 0. At each index `i`, if `A[i]` is -1, then the place cannot be jumped to, so continue. For each index `j` from `i + 1` to `i + B` (or `A.length - 1` if `i + B` exceeds `A.length - 1`), if `dp[j]` is `Integer.MAX_VALUE`, continue since it is impossible to reach the end from `j`. Otherwise, if `dp[j] + A[i] < dp[i]`, then update `dp[i] = dp[j] + A[i]` and `next[i] = j`.

If `dp[0]` is `Integer.MAX_VALUE`, then no path exists, so return an empty list. Otherwise, starting from index 0 to find a path that reaches the end, and return the path as a list.
