# 390. Elimination Game
## Level
Medium

## Description
There is a list of sorted integers from 1 to *n*. Starting from left to right, remove the first number and every other number afterward until you reach the end of the list.

Repeat the previous step again, but this time from right to left, remove the right most number and every other number from the remaining numbers.

We keep repeating the steps again, alternating left to right and right to left, until a single number remains.

Find the last number that remains starting with a list of length *n*.

**Example:**
```
Input:
n = 9,
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
2 4 6 8
2 6
6

Output:
6
```

## Solution
Maintain several variables as follows. Maintain `low` and `high` as the minimum remaining number and the maximum remaining number. Maintain `difference` as the difference between each pair of adjacent numbers currently. Maintain `direction` as the direction of removing where `direction = 1` represents removing from left to right and `direction = -1` represnets removing from right to left. Initially, `low = 1`, `high = n`, `difference = 1` and `direction = 1`.

While `low < high`, there are at least two numbers. If `direction = 1`, then remove from `low` to `high`, update `low = low + difference` and update `high = high - difference` if `high` is removed or remain `high` unchanged if `high` is not removed. If `direction = -1`, then remove from `high` to `left`, update `high = high - difference` and update `low = low + difference` if `low` is removed or remain `low` unchanged if `low` is not removed. Then update `difference = difference * 2` and `direction = -direction`.

Finally, return `low`.
