# 523. Continuous Subarray Sum
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a list of **non-negative** numbers and a target **integer** k, write a function to check if the array has a continuous subarray of size at least 2 that sums up to a multiple of **k**, that is, sums up to n*k where n is also an **integer**.

**Example 1:**

**Input**: [23, 2, 4, 6, 7],  k=6

**Output:** True

**Explanation:** Because [2, 4] is a continuous subarray of size 2 and sums up to 6.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [23, 2, 6, 4, 7],  k=6

**Output:** True

**Explanation:** Because [23, 2, 6, 4, 7] is an continuous subarray of size 5 and sums up to 42.

**Note:**

1. The length of the array won't exceed 10,000.
2. You may assume the sum of all the numbers is in the range of a signed 32-bit integer.

## Solution
If `nums` has length less than 2, then it is not possible to find a continuous subarray of size at least 2, so return `false`.

If `k` is 0, since all numbers in `nums` are non-negative, return `true` if and only if there exist two adjacent elements that are both 0.

Use a map to store the sum remainder up to each index. Initially, put `(0, -1)` to the map, which means the sum remainder is 0 up to index -1 (which is outside the array). Loop over `nums`. For each index, obtain the number and update the sum remainder. If the sum remainder is in the map's key set, then obtain the first index of the sum remainder in the array. If the subarray has length greater than 1, return `true`. If the sum remainder is not in the map's key set, then add the sum remainder with the current index to the map.

Finally, if the entry in the map is not found, return `false`.
