# 1125. Smallest Sufficient Team
## Level
Hard

## Description
In a project, you have a list of required skills `req_skills`, and a list of `people`. The i-th person `people[i]` contains a list of skills that person has.

Consider a *sufficient team*: a set of people such that for every required skill in `req_skills`, there is at least one person in the team who has that skill. We can represent these teams by the index of each person: for example,` team = [0, 1, 3]` represents the people with skills `people[0]`, `people[1]`, and `people[3]`.

Return **any** sufficient team of the smallest possible size, represented by the index of each person.

You may return the answer in any order. It is guaranteed an answer exists.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** req_skills = ["java","nodejs","reactjs"], people = [["java"],["nodejs"],["nodejs","reactjs"]]

**Output:** [0,2]

**Example 2:**

**Input:** req_skills = ["algorithms","math","java","reactjs","csharp","aws"], people = [["algorithms","math","java"],["algorithms","math","reactjs"],["java","csharp","aws"],["reactjs","csharp"],["csharp","math"],["aws","java"]]

**Output:** [1,2]

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= req_skills.length <= 16`
* `1 <= people.length <= 60`
* `1 <= people[i].length, req_skills[i].length, people[i][j].length <= 16`
* Elements of `req_skills` and `people[i]` are (respectively) distinct.
* `req_skills[i][j], people[i][j][k]` are lowercase English letters.
* Every skill in `people[i]` is a skill in `req_skills`.
* It is guaranteed a sufficient team exists.

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. First, for each person, convert the person's skills into a binary representation. Next, do dynamic programming. Create an array `dp` of length `1 << req_skills.length` such that `dp[i]` is the smallest possible size of a sufficient team of state `i`. Create two arrays `prevState` and `prevPerson` of length `1 << req_skills.length`, which contain the previous state and the previous person of each state. After all states are considered, find the people in the smallest sufficient team using `prevState` and `prevPerson`.
