# 1033. Moving Stones Until Consecutive
## Level
Easy

## Description
Three stones are on a number line at positions `a`, `b`, and `c`.

Each turn, you pick up a stone at an endpoint (ie., either the lowest or highest position stone), and move it to an unoccupied position between those endpoints.  Formally, let's say the stones are currently at positions `x, y, z` with `x < y < z`.  You pick up the stone at either position `x` or position `z`, and move that stone to an integer position `k`, with `x < k < z` and `k != y`.

The game ends when you cannot make any more moves, ie. the stones are in consecutive positions.

When the game ends, what is the minimum and maximum number of moves that you could have made?  Return the answer as an length 2 array: `answer = [minimum_moves, maximum_moves]`

*Example 1:**

**Input:** a = 1, b = 2, c = 5

**Output:** [1,2]

**Explanation:** Move the stone from 5 to 3, or move the stone from 5 to 4 to 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** a = 4, b = 3, c = 2

**Output:** [0,0]

**Explanation:** We cannot make any moves.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** a = 3, b = 5, c = 1

**Output:** [1,2]

**Explanation:** Move the stone from 1 to 4; or move the stone from 1 to 2 to 4.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= a <= 100`
2. `1 <= b <= 100`
3. `1 <= c <= 100`
4. `a != b, b != c, c != a`

## Solution
Let `left`, `mid`, and `right` be `a`, `b`, and `c` in sorted order.

The maximum number of moves can be obtained easily, which is `right - left - 2`. The reason is that to obtain the maximum number of moves, always move the stone at `left` to `left + 1` until `left` becomes `mid - 1`, and always move the stone at `right` to `right - 1` until `right` becomes `mid + 1`, so the total number of moves is `(mid - 1 - left) + (right - (mid + 1))`, which equals `right - left - 2`.

The minimum number of moves is at most 2, and 1 or 0 are also possible. To make stones consecutive, move the stone at `left` to `mid - 1` in the first move, and move the stone at `right` to `mid + 1` in the second move, which costs 2 moves in total. If there is only one empty place between two stones, then move the third stone to the empty place, which costs 1 move to make all stones consecutive. If all stones are consecutive initially, then no move is needed, so both the minimum number of moves and the maximum number of moves are 0.
