# 1763. Longest Nice Substring
## Level
Easy

## Description
A string `s` is **nice** if, for every letter of the alphabet that `s` contains, it appears **both** in uppercase and lowercase. For example, `"abABB"` is nice because `'A'` and `'a'` appear, and `'B'` and `'b'` appear. However, `"abA"` is not because `'b'` appears, but `'B'` does not.

Given a string `s`, return *the longest **substring** of `s` that is **nice**. If there are multiple, return the substring of the **earliest** occurrence. If there are none, return an empty string.*

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "YazaAay"

**Output:** "aAa"

**Explanation:** "aAa" is a nice string because 'A/a' is the only letter of the alphabet in s, and both 'A' and 'a' appear.
"aAa" is the longest nice substring.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "Bb"

**Output:** "Bb"

**Explanation:** "Bb" is a nice string because both 'B' and 'b' appear. The whole string is a substring.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "c"

**Output:** ""

**Explanation:** There are no nice substrings.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "dDzeE"

**Output:** "dD"

**Explanation:** Both "dD" and "eE" are the longest nice substrings.
As there are multiple longest nice substrings, return "dD" since it occurs earlier.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 100`
* `s` consists of uppercase and lowercase English letters.

## Solution
Loop over all possible substrings of `s`. For each substring, check whether it is nice by using a hash set. Among all nice substrings, find the one that is the longest and has the earliest occurrence.
