# 1073. Adding Two Negabinary Numbers
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two numbers `arr1` and `arr2` in base **-2**, return the result of adding them together.

Each number is given in *array format*: as an array of 0s and 1s, from most significant bit to least significant bit.  For example, `arr = [1,1,0,1]` represents the number `(-2)^3 + (-2)^2 + (-2)^0 = -3`. A number `arr` in *array format* is also guaranteed to have no leading zeros: either `arr == [0]` or `arr[0] == 1`.

Return the result of adding `arr1` and `arr2` in the same format: as an array of 0s and 1s with no leading zeros.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr1 = [1,1,1,1,1], arr2 = [1,0,1]

**Output:** [1,0,0,0,0]

**Explanation:** arr1 represents 11, arr2 represents 5, the output represents 16.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= arr1.length <= 1000`
2. `1 <= arr2.length <= 1000`
3. `arr1` and `arr2` have no leading zeros
4. `arr1[i]` is `0` or `1`
5. `arr2[i]` is `0` or `1`

## Solution
Let `length1` and `length2` be the lengths of `arr1` and `arr2` respectively. What is the maximum possible length of `arr1 + arr2`? The answer is `Math.max(length1, length2) + 2`. For example, if `arr1 = arr2 = [1]`, then their sum is `[1,1,0]`.

Therefore, create an array `sumArr` of the maximum possible length. Calculate the sum from the rightmost digits in `arr1` and `arr2`. Each digit in `sumArr` is the sum of the corresponding digits in `arr1` and `arr2`. In the final result, each digit should be either 0 or 1. If a digit is less than 0 or greater than 1, then there is a carry, which is either positive or negative. The carry should be included in the higher digit.

Suppose at index `i` where `i > 0`, `sumArr[i]` is greater than 1. If `sumArr[i]` is decreased by 2, then `sumArr[i - 1]` is **decreased** by 1. Similarly, for the case where `sumArr[i]` is less than 0, if `sumArr[i]` is increased by 2, then `sumArr[i - 1]` is **increased** by 1. So the carry is included in the higher digit in the way mentioned above.

After calculating the sum and dealing with the carries, the elements in `sumArr` should be either 0 or 1. If `sumArr` has length greater than 1 and has leading zeros, then find the start index to remove the leading zeros, and create a new array to store the final result. Finally, return the final result.
