# 1764. Form Array by Concatenating Subarrays of Another Array
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a 2D integer array `groups` of length `n`. You are also given an integer array `nums`.

You are asked if you can choose `n` **disjoint** subarrays from the array `nums` such that the `i-th` subarray is equal to `groups[i]` **(0-indexed)**, and if `i > 0`, the `(i-1)-th` subarray appears **before** the `i-th` subarray in nums (i.e. the subarrays must be in the same order as `groups`).

Return `true` *if you can do this task, and `false` otherwise*.

Note that the subarrays are **disjoint** if and only if there is no index `k` such that `nums[k]` belongs to more than one subarray. A subarray is a contiguous sequence of elements within an array.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** groups = [[1,-1,-1],[3,-2,0]], nums = [1,-1,0,1,-1,-1,3,-2,0]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** You can choose the 0th subarray as [1,-1,0,**1,-1,-1**,3,-2,0] and the 1st one as [1,-1,0,1,-1,-1,**3,-2,0**].

These subarrays are disjoint as they share no common nums[k] element.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** groups = [[10,-2],[1,2,3,4]], nums = [1,2,3,4,10,-2]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** Note that choosing the subarrays [1,2,3,4,10,-2] and [1,2,3,4,10,-2] is incorrect because they are not in the same order as in groups.

[10,-2] must come before [1,2,3,4].

**Example 3:**

**Input:** groups = [[1,2,3],[3,4]], nums = [7,7,1,2,3,4,7,7]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** Note that choosing the subarrays [7,7,**1,2,3**,4,7,7] and [7,7,1,2,**3,4**,7,7] is invalid because they are not disjoint.
They share a common elements nums[4] (0-indexed).

**Constraints:**

* `groups.length == n`
* `1 <= n <= 10^3`
* `1 <= groups[i].length, sum(groups[i].length) <= 10^3`
* `1 <= nums.length <= 10^3`
* `-10^7 <= groups[i][j], nums[k] <= 10^7`

## Solution
Loop over `groups`. For each `group` in `groups`, find the first occurrence of `group` in `nums`. After the start index of `group` in `nums` is found, update the minimum possible start index in `nums` and check the remaining groups. The minimum possible start index of the next group in `nums` must be greater than the last index in `nums` of `group`.

If all groups' occurrences in `nums` can be found, return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
