# 460. LFU Cache
## Level
Hard

## Description
Design and implement a data structure for [Least Frequently Used (LFU)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Least_frequently_used) cache. It should support the following operations: `get` and `put`.

* `get(key)` - Get the value (will always be positive) of the key if the key exists in the cache, otherwise return -1.
* `put(key, value)` - Set or insert the value if the key is not already present. When the cache reaches its capacity, it should invalidate the least frequently used item before inserting a new item. For the purpose of this problem, when there is a tie (i.e., two or more keys that have the same frequency), the least **recently** used key would be evicted.

Note that the number of times an item is used is the number of calls to the `get` and `put` functions for that item since it was inserted. This number is set to zero when the item is removed.

**Follow up:**

Could you do both operations in **O(1)** time complexity?

**Example:**
```
LFUCache cache = new LFUCache( 2 /* capacity */ );

cache.put(1, 1);
cache.put(2, 2);
cache.get(1);       // returns 1
cache.put(3, 3);    // evicts key 2
cache.get(2);       // returns -1 (not found)
cache.get(3);       // returns 3.
cache.put(4, 4);    // evicts key 1.
cache.get(1);       // returns -1 (not found)
cache.get(3);       // returns 3
cache.get(4);       // returns 4
```

## Solution
Create two classes `Node` and `DoublyLinkedList`. Each object of `Node` has a key, a value, a frequency, the previous node and the next node. Each object of `DoublyLinkedList` has a size, a head and a tail.

In class `LFUCache`, maintain two maps `cache` and `frequencyMap`, which stores each key and the corresponding node, and stores each frequency and the corresponding doubly linked lists, respectively. Also maintain `size`, `capacity` and `minCapacity`.

For the constructor, initialize the two maps and the capacity.

For method `get`, get the node from `cache`. If the node exists, update the node's frequency and return the node's value. Otherwise, return -1.

For method `put`, check whether the node of the key already exists. If the node already exists, update the node's value and update the node's frequency. Otherwise, if `size` already reaches `compacity`, obtain the minimum frequency list using `minFrequency` and remove the last node, and decrease`size` by 1. Then create a new node using `key` and `value`, update the maps, increase `size` by 1 and set `minFrequency = 1`.
