# 164. Maximum Gap
## Level
Hard

## Description
Given an unsorted array, find the maximum difference between the successive elements in its sorted form.

Return 0 if the array contains less than 2 elements.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [3,6,9,1]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:** The sorted form of the array is [1,3,6,9], either (3,6) or (6,9) has the maximum difference 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [10]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** The array contains less than 2 elements, therefore return 0.

**Note:**

* You may assume all elements in the array are non-negative integers and fit in the 32-bit signed integer range.
* Try to solve it in linear time/space.

## Solution
One straightforward solution is to sort `nums` and compare each pair of adjacent elements. However, sorting has time complexity O(n log n), which is not linear.

To solve this problem in linear time complexity, use pigeonhole principle. Suppose we put the numbers into several buckets, where each bucket has the same interval (which means the difference between the maximum possible value and the minimum possible value). The maximum number and the minimum number in the array are not put into any bucket, so there are `nums.length - 2` numbers put into buckets. If there are `nums.length - 1` buckets, then it is guaranteed that there is one empty bucket, so the difference between different buckets must be greater than the difference inside each bucket. For each bucket, if it is empty, simply skip it. Otherwise, calculate the difference between the minimum number in the current bucket and the maximum number in the previous bucket. Finally, calculate the difference between the maximum number in the array and the maximum number in the last bucket. All these differences are calculated between successive elements in the sorted form. Return the maximum difference among the differences.
