# 779. K-th Symbol in Grammar
## Level
Medium

## Description
On the first row, we write a `0`. Now in every subsequent row, we look at the previous row and replace each occurrence of `0` with `01`, and each occurrence of `1` with `10`.

Given row `N` and index `K`, return the `K`-th indexed symbol in row `N`. (The values of `K` are 1-indexed.)

Examples:
```
Input: N = 1, K = 1
Output: 0

Input: N = 2, K = 1
Output: 0

Input: N = 2, K = 2
Output: 1

Input: N = 4, K = 5
Output: 1

Explanation:
row 1: 0
row 2: 01
row 3: 0110
row 4: 01101001
```

**Note:**

1. `N` will be an integer in the range `[1, 30]`.
2. `K` will be an integer in the range `[1, 2^(N-1)]`.

## Solution
Observe each row. It can be seen that row `N + 1` is obtained from row `N` by copying the content of row `N` and then concatenating the reversed content of row `N`. Row 1 is "0" and row 2 is "01", which are quite obvious. For `N >= 2`, the left half of the content in row `N` and the right half of the content in row `N` are reversed to each other, so the content of row `N + 1` is obtained in the way mentioned above.

This problem can be solved without using `N`, and only `K` is needed. While `K` is greater than 1, replace `K` with its complement, where the complement of `K` is defined as the smallest positive integer `C` such that `K + C = 2^M + 1` where `M` is a positive integer.

Each time `K` is replaced with its complement, does the symbol change? Calculate `log = Math.ceil(Math.log(K) / Math.log(2))`. If `log` is odd, then the symbol changes. Otherwise, the symbol remains unchanged.

After `K` becomes 1, count the number of times that the symbol is changed. Since the symbol at index 1 is 0, if the symbol is changed odd number of times, return 1. Otherwise, return 0.
