# 497. Random Point in Non-overlapping Rectangles
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a list of **non-overlapping** axis-aligned rectangles `rects`, write a function `pick` which randomly and uniformily picks an **integer point** in the space covered by the rectangles.

**Note:**

1. An **integer point** is a point that has integer coordinates. 
2. A point on the perimeter of a rectangle is **included** in the space covered by the rectangles. 
3. `i`th rectangle = `rects[i]` = `[x1,y1,x2,y2]`, where `[x1, y1]` are the integer coordinates of the bottom-left corner, and `[x2, y2]` are the integer coordinates of the top-right corner.
4. Length and width of each rectangle does not exceed `2000`.
5. `1 <= rects.length <= 100`.
6. `pick` return a point as an array of integer coordinates `[p_x, p_y]`.
7. `pick` is called at most `10000` times.

**Example 1:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick"]

[[[[1,1,5,5]]],[],[],[]]

**Output:**

[null,[4,1],[4,1],[3,3]]

**Example 2:**

**Input:**

["Solution","pick","pick","pick","pick","pick"]

[[[[-2,-2,-1,-1],[1,0,3,0]]],[],[],[],[],[]]

**Output:**

[null,[-1,-2],[2,0],[-2,-1],[3,0],[-2,-2]]

**Explanation of Input Syntax:**

The input is two lists: the subroutines called and their arguments. `Solution`'s constructor has one argument, the array of rectangles `rects`. `pick` has no arguments. Arguments are always wrapped with a list, even if there aren't any.

## Solution
Selecting a random integer point can be decomposed into two steps. The first step is to select a random rectangle. The second step is to select a random integer point in the selected rectangle. The second step is quite straightforward. Select an integer x-coordinate and an integer y-coordinate uniformly in the rectangle, and the integer point is obtained. As for the first step, since all points are selected uniformly, the probability of each rectangle to be selected should be proportional to the number of integer points in the rectangle. Therefore, in the constructor, maintain an array that store the accumulated numbers of points of the rectangles. For example, if there are three rectangles that have 25 integer points, 30 integer points and 45 integer points respectively, then the array of accumulated numbers of points of the rectangles is `[25, 55, 100]`. In the constructor, initialize the number of rectangles, the array of rectangles, the array of accumulated numbers of points, and the total points.

When `pick` is called, first select a random point number in the range `[0, total points - 1]`, and find the smallest index in the array of accumulated numbers of points such that the element at the index is greater than the random point number. The rectangle at the index is selected. Then select a random integer point in the selected rectangle, and return.
