# 89. Gray Code
## Level
Medium

## Description
The gray code is a binary numeral system where two successive values differ in only one bit.

Given a non-negative integer *n* representing the total number of bits in the code, print the sequence of gray code. A gray code sequence must begin with 0.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** 2

**Output:** [0,1,3,2]

**Explanation:**

00 - 0

01 - 1

11 - 3

10 - 2

For a given *n*, a gray code sequence may not be uniquely defined.

For example, [0,2,3,1] is also a valid gray code sequence.

00 - 0

10 - 2

11 - 3

01 - 1

**Example 2:**

**Input:** 0

**Output:** [0]

**Explanation:** We define the gray code sequence to begin with 0. A gray code sequence of *n* has size = 2<sup>*n*</sup>, which for *n* = 0 the size is 2<sup>0</sup> = 1. Therefore, for *n* = 0 the gray code sequence is [0].

## Solution
If *n* is 0, then the gray code sequence contains only one element 0.

If *n* is 1, then the gray code sequence contains 2 elements 0 and 1, which differ in only 1 bit.

For *n* greater than 1, the gray code sequence with *n* bits can be obtained from the gray code sequence with *n* - 1 bits. Use *GC*(*n*) to represent the gray code sequence with *n* bits. Suppose *GC*(*n* - 1) already exists and is valid, that is, in *GC*(*n* - 1), any two successive values differ in only one bit. To obtain *GC*(*n*), the numbers in *GC*(*n* - 1) are kept, and new numbers are added. For the last number in *GC*(*n* - 1), adding a bit 1 to the left of the number generates a new number which differs only one bit from the original number. Similarly, for all numbers in *GC*(*n* - 1), adding a bit 1 to the left of each number generates new numbers. Reverse the order of all the new numbers so that any two successive values still differ in only one bit. The last number in *GC*(*n* - 1) and the first new number added in *GC*(*n*) differ in only one bit, and the last number in *GC*(*n*) and the first number in *GC*(*n*) differ in only one bit, which is the highest bit. So it can be seen that *GC*(*n*) is a valid gray code sequence with *n* bits.
