# 439. Ternary Expression Parser
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string representing arbitrarily nested ternary expressions, calculate the result of the expression. You can always assume that the given expression is valid and only consists of digits `0-9`, `?`, `:`, `T` and `F` (`T` and `F` represent True and False respectively).

**Note:**

1. The length of the given string is ≤ 10000.
2. Each number will contain only one digit.
3. The conditional expressions group right-to-left (as usual in most languages).
4. The condition will always be either `T` or `F`. That is, the condition will never be a digit.
5. The result of the expression will always evaluate to either a digit `0-9`, `T` or `F`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: "T?2:3"

Output: "2"

Explanation: If true, then result is 2; otherwise result is 3.
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: "F?1:T?4:5"

Output: "4"

Explanation: The conditional expressions group right-to-left. Using parenthesis, it is read/evaluated as:

             "(F ? 1 : (T ? 4 : 5))"                   "(F ? 1 : (T ? 4 : 5))"
          -> "(F ? 1 : 4)"                 or       -> "(T ? 4 : 5)"
          -> "4"                                    -> "4"
```
**Example 3:**
```
Input: "T?T?F:5:3"

Output: "F"

Explanation: The conditional expressions group right-to-left. Using parenthesis, it is read/evaluated as:

             "(T ? (T ? F : 5) : 3)"                   "(T ? (T ? F : 5) : 3)"
          -> "(T ? F : 3)"                 or       -> "(T ? F : 5)"
          -> "F"                                    -> "F"
```

## Solution
Use two stacks `stack1` and `stack2` to store the characters in `expression`. Loop over `expression` from left to right and add each character into `stack1`.

While `stack1` contains more than one element, do operation on `stack1`. Each time pop two elements `c1` and `c2` from `stack1`, where `c1` must be a digit or a boolean letter, and `c2` must be a `?` or `:`. If `c2` is `:`, then there will be more elements before meeting a `?`, so push `c1` into `stack2`. If `c2` is `?`, then pop one more element from `stack1`, which must be a boolean letter. If the boolean letter is `T`, then `c1` is the result of the current ternary expression. Otherwise, the top element of `stack2` is the result of the current ternary expression. Pop one element from `stack2` and push the result of the current ternary expression into `stack1`. Repeat the process until there is only one element in `stack1`.

Finally, pop the one element from `stack1`, convert it into a string and return.
