# 937. Reorder Data in Log Files
## Level
Easy

## Description
You have an array of `logs`. Each log is a space delimited string of words.

For each log, the first word in each log is an alphanumeric *identifier*. Then, either:

* Each word after the identifier will consist only of lowercase letters, or;
* Each word after the identifier will consist only of digits.

We will call these two varieties of logs *letter-logs* and *digit-logs*. It is guaranteed that each log has at least one word after its identifier.

Reorder the logs so that all of the letter-logs come before any digit-log. The letter-logs are ordered lexicographically ignoring identifier, with the identifier used in case of ties. The digit-logs should be put in their original order.

Return the final order of the logs.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** logs = ["dig1 8 1 5 1","let1 art can","dig2 3 6","let2 own kit dig","let3 art zero"]

**Output:** ["let1 art can","let3 art zero","let2 own kit dig","dig1 8 1 5 1","dig2 3 6"]

**Constraints:**

1. `0 <= logs.length <= 100`
2. `3 <= logs[i].length <= 100`
3. `logs[i]` is guaranteed to have an identifier, and a word after the identifier.

## Solution
The order of any two logs are as follows.

1. If the two logs are a letter log and a digit log, then the letter log is before the digit log.
2. If both logs are letter logs, then the order is the same as the lexicographical order.
3. If both logs are digit logs, then the order is the same as the original order.

Use the idea of insertion sort. Insert each log into the correct position, and return the array.
