# 781. Rabbits in Forest
## Level
Medium

## Description
In a forest, each rabbit has some color. Some subset of rabbits (possibly all of them) tell you how many other rabbits have the same color as them. Those `answers` are placed in an array.

Return the minimum number of rabbits that could be in the forest.

**Examples:**

**Input:** answers = [1, 1, 2]

**Output:** 5

**Explanation:**

The two rabbits that answered "1" could both be the same color, say red.

The rabbit than answered "2" can't be red or the answers would be inconsistent.

Say the rabbit that answered "2" was blue.

Then there should be 2 other blue rabbits in the forest that didn't answer into the array.

The smallest possible number of rabbits in the forest is therefore 5: 3 that answered plus 2 that didn't.

**Input:** answers = [10, 10, 10]

**Output:** 11

**Input:** answers = []

**Output:** 0

**Note:**

1. `answers` will have length at most `1000`.
2. Each `answers[i]` will be an integer in the range `[0, 999]`.

## Solution
If two rabbits' answers are different, then the two rabbits must have different colors, ot their answers are inconsistent.

If two rabbits' answers are the same, then the two rabbits may have the same color or may have different colors. If a rabbit's answer is `n`, then there are at most `n + 1` rabbits that has the same color as this rabbit, including the rabbit itself. For example, if a rabbit's answer is 10, then there are at most 11 rabbits that has the same color as this rabbit.

Therefore, if there are `n + 1` rabbits that answer `n`, then the minimum number of rabbits that answer `n` is `n + 1`. If there are more than `n + 1` rabbits that answer `n`, then at most `n + 1` rabbits have the same color, and the remaining rabbit(s) must have a different color. For example, if there are 11 rabbits that answer 10, then the minimum number of rabbits that answer 10 is 11. If there are 12 rabbits that answer 10, then at most 11 rabbits have the same color, and the remaining one rabbit must have a different color, so if only considering the rabbits that answer 10, the minimum number of rabbits is 22.

According to the analysis above, the solution is as follows.

Sort the array `answers`. For each `answer` in `answers`, obtain the number of elements that equals `answer`, which is `count`, and the minimum number of rabbits according to the rabbits that answer `answer` is `(answer + 1) * (int) Math.ceil(1.0 * count / groupSize)`. Calculate the minimum number of all rabbits and return.
