# 29. Divide Two Integers
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given two integers `dividend` and `divisor`, divide two integers without using multiplication, division and mod operator.

Return the quotient after dividing `dividend` by `divisor`.

The integer division should truncate toward zero.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** dividend = 10, divisor = 3

**Output:** 3

**Example 2:**

**Input:** dividend = 7, divisor = -3

**Output:** -2

**Note:**

* Both dividend and divisor will be 32-bit signed integers.
* The divisor will never be 0.
* Assume we are dealing with an environment which could only store integers within the 32-bit signed integer range: [-2<sup>31</sup>, 2<sup>31</sup> - 1]. For the purpose of this problem, assume that your function returns 2<sup>31</sup> - 1 when the division result overflows.

## Solution
First consider the case where the result overflows, which will happen only if `dividend == Integer.MIN_VALUE && divisor == -1`. In this case, return `Integer.MAX_VALUE`.

Then consider normal cases. Split the sign out and deal with the absolute values for both the dividend and the divisor. Use data type `long` to avoid overflow.

Consider the numbers in the following sequence: divisor, divisor * 2, divisor * 2<sup>2</sup>, divisor * 2<sup>3</sup>, etc. The sequence ends with the greatest number that is less than or equal to the dividend. To obtain the sequence, use left shifting operation to avoid using multiplication, and the multiples for the numbers in the sequence can also be calculated in this way.

Each time, subtract the greatest number in the sequence from the dividend, and make sure the dividend is not negative after the subtraction. The quotient adds by the corresponding multiple of the subtracted number. The steps continue until the remainder is less than the smallest number in the sequence.

Finally, add the sign to the quotient and return the quotient.
