# 639. Decode Ways II
## Level
Hard

## Description
A message containing letters from `A-Z` is being encoded to numbers using the following mapping:
```
'A' -> 1
'B' -> 2
...
'Z' -> 26
```
Beyond that, now the encoded string can also contain the character '*', which can be treated as one of the numbers from 1 to 9.

Given the encoded message containing digits and the character '*', return the total number of ways to decode it.

Also, since the answer may be very large, you should return the output mod 10<sup>9</sup> + 7.

**Example 1:

**Input:** "*"

**Output:** 9

**Explanation:** The encoded message can be decoded to the string: "A", "B", "C", "D", "E", "F", "G", "H", "I".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "1*"

**Output:** 9 + 9 = 18

**Note:**

1. The length of the input string will fit in range [1, 10<sup>5</sup>].
2. The input string will only contain the character '*' and digits '0' - '9'.

## Solution
This problem is a follow-up problem of problem 91, with the character '*' introduced. This problem can also be solved using dynamic programming.

Use dynamic programming. Let `length` be the length of `s`, and create an array `dp` which has size `length + 1`, where `dp[i]` represents the number of ways to decode the substring of `s` starting from index `i`, and `dp[0]` is the result.

Obviously, `dp[length] = 1` since there is only one way to decode an empty string. For `dp[length - 1]`, the result can be 0 if `s.charAt(length - 1) == '0'`, 9 if `s.charAt(length - 1) == '*'`, or 1 otherwise.

For index `i` that is less than `length - 1`, consider the two characters `c1 = s.charAt(i)` and `c2 = s.charAt(i + 1)` and check the two-digit number that `c1` and `c2` form, and update the number of ways of decoding accordingly.
