# 768. Max Chunks To Make Sorted II
## Level
Hard

## Description
*This question is the same as "Max Chunks to Make Sorted" except the integers of the given array are not necessarily distinct, the input array could be up to length `2000`, and the elements could be up to `10**8`.*

Given an array `arr` of integers (**not necessarily distinct**), we split the array into some number of "chunks" (partitions), and individually sort each chunk. After concatenating them, the result equals the sorted array.

What is the most number of chunks we could have made?

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [5,4,3,2,1]

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:**

Splitting into two or more chunks will not return the required result.

For example, splitting into [5, 4], [3, 2, 1] will result in [4, 5, 1, 2, 3], which isn't sorted.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [2,1,3,4,4]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:**

We can split into two chunks, such as [2, 1], [3, 4, 4].

However, splitting into [2, 1], [3], [4], [4] is the highest number of chunks possible.

**Note:**

* `arr` will have length in range `[1, 2000]`.
* `arr[i]` will be an integer in range `[0, 10**8]`.

## Solution
Create two arrays `maxLeft` and `minRight` which both have length `arr.length`, where `maxLeft[i]` is the maximum element in `arr[0..i]` and `minRight[i]` is the minimum element in `arr[i..arr.length - 1]`.

Loop over `arr` from left to right and maintain `max` which is the maximum element met so far. At each index `i`, obtain `curMax = maxLeft[i]` and `curMin = minRight[i]`. If `curMin >= max`, then all the elements before the current index `i` are less than or equal to `arr[i]`, so a new chunk can be created starting from index `i`, and increase the number of chunks by 1. If it is not the case that `curMin >= max`, then there exists at least one element before the current index `i` that is greater than `arr[i]`, so creating a new chunk starting from index `i` will make `arr[i]` never be at the correct index.

Finally, return the number of chunks.
