# 684. Redundant Connection
## Level
Medium

## Description
In this problem, a tree is an **undirected** graph that is connected and has no cycles.

The given input is a graph that started as a tree with N nodes (with distinct values 1, 2, ..., N), with one additional edge added. The added edge has two different vertices chosen from 1 to N, and was not an edge that already existed.

The resulting graph is given as a 2D-array of `edges`. Each element of `edges` is a pair `[u, v]` with `u < v`, that represents an **undirected** edge connecting nodes `u` and `v`.

Return an edge that can be removed so that the resulting graph is a tree of N nodes. If there are multiple answers, return the answer that occurs last in the given 2D-array. The answer edge `[u, v]` should be in the same format, with `u < v`.

**Example 1:**
```
Input: [[1,2], [1,3], [2,3]]
Output: [2,3]
Explanation: The given undirected graph will be like this:
  1
 / \
2 - 3
```
**Example 2:**
```
Input: [[1,2], [2,3], [3,4], [1,4], [1,5]]
Output: [1,4]
Explanation: The given undirected graph will be like this:
5 - 1 - 2
    |   |
    4 - 3
```

**Note:**
* The size of the input 2D-array will be between 3 and 1000.
* Every integer represented in the 2D-array will be between 1 and N, where N is the size of the input array.

## Solution
Use two maps to store each node and its group and to store each group and the nodes in the group. The number of nodes equals `edges.length`. Initialize both maps such that each node has its own group that contains exactly one node.

Loop over `edges`. For each `edge` in `edges`, obtain the two nodes `node1` and `node2`. If `node1` and `node2` are in the same group, then adding this edge will lead to a cycle, so return this connection. Otherwise, merge the two groups of `node1` and `node2`, with both maps updated.
