# 1400. Construct K Palindrome Strings
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string `s` and an integer `k`. You should construct `k` non-empty **palindrome** strings using **all the characters** in `s`.

Return ***True*** if you can use all the characters in `s` to construct `k` palindrome strings or ***False*** otherwise.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** s = "annabelle", k = 2

**Output: true

**Explanation:** You can construct two palindromes using all characters in s. Some possible constructions "anna" + "elble", "anbna" + "elle", "anellena" + "b"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** s = "leetcode", k = 3

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It is impossible to construct 3 palindromes using all the characters of s.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** s = "true", k = 4

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** The only possible solution is to put each character in a separate string.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** s = "yzyzyzyzyzyzyzy", k = 2

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** Simply you can put all z's in one string and all y's in the other string. Both strings will be palindrome.

**Example 5:**

**Input:** s = "cr", k = 7

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** We don't have enough characters in s to construct 7 palindromes.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= s.length <= 10^5`
* All characters in `s` are lower-case English letters.
* `1 <= k <= 10^5`

## Solution
Obviously, if the length of `s` is less than `k`, return `false`. If the length of `s` equals `k`, return `true`.

If the length of `s` is greater than `k`, then each palindrome string may have length 1 or have length greater than 1. Each palindrome may have at most one character that occurs an odd number of times. Therefore, loop over `s` and count each letter's number of occurrences. Return `true` if and only if the number of letters that occur odd numbers of times is less than or equal to `k`.
