# 457. Circular Array Loop
## Level
Medium

## Description
You are given a **circular** array `nums` of positive and negative integers. If a number *k* at an index is positive, then move forward *k* steps. Conversely, if it's negative (-*k*), move backward *k* steps. Since the array is circular, you may assume that the last element's next element is the first element, and the first element's previous element is the last element.

Determine if there is a loop (or a cycle) in `nums`. A cycle must start and end at the same index and the cycle's length > 1. Furthermore, movements in a cycle must all follow a single direction. In other words, a cycle must not consist of both forward and backward movements.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** [2,-1,1,2,2]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** There is a cycle, from index 0 -> 2 -> 3 -> 0. The cycle's length is 3.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** [-1,2]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** The movement from index 1 -> 1 -> 1 ... is not a cycle, because the cycle's length is 1. By definition the cycle's length must be greater than 1.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** [-2,1,-1,-2,-2]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** The movement from index 1 -> 2 -> 1 -> ... is not a cycle, because movement from index 1 -> 2 is a forward movement, but movement from index 2 -> 1 is a backward movement. All movements in a cycle must follow a single direction.

**Note:**

1. -1000 ≤ nums[i] ≤ 1000
2. nums[i] ≠ 0
3. 1 ≤ nums.length ≤ 5000

**Follow up:**

Could you solve it in **O(n)** time complexity and **O(1)** extra space complexity?

## Solution
Starting from each index in `nums`, check whether a loop exists.

For each start index `i`, set `num = nums[i]`, and move to index `i + num` to get the next number. Continue the process until a loop is found. If two adjacent indices are the same, then the cycle's length is 1, so it is not a valid loop. If two moves are in different directions, then it is not a valid loop.

If at least one valid loop exists, return `true`. If no valid loop exists, return `false`.
