# 575. Distribute Candies
## Level
Easy

## Description
Given an integer array with **even** length, where different numbers in this array represent different **kinds** of candies. Each number means one candy of the corresponding kind. You need to distribute these candies **equally** in number to brother and sister. Return the maximum number of **kinds** of candies the sister could gain.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** candies = [1,1,2,2,3,3]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**
There are three different kinds of candies (1, 2 and 3), and two candies for each kind.

Optimal distribution: The sister has candies [1,2,3] and the brother has candies [1,2,3], too.

The sister has three different kinds of candies.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** candies = [1,1,2,3]

**Output:** 2

E**xplanation:** For example, the sister has candies [2,3] and the brother has candies [1,1].

The sister has two different kinds of candies, the brother has only one kind of candies.

**Note:**

1. The length of the given array is in range [2, 10,000], and will be even.
2. The number in given array is in range [-100,000, 100,000].

## Solution
Since the length of the array is even, it is guaranteed that the brother and the sister can have equal number of candies, which is half the length of the array, and the number of kinds of candies the sister could gain is at most half the length of the array. If the number of kinds of candies in total is less than half the length of the array, then the number of kinds of candies the sister could gain is at most the number of kinds of candies in total, which means the sister gains at least one candie for each kind.
