# 331. Verify Preorder Serialization of a Binary Tree
## Level
Medium

## Description
One way to serialize a binary tree is to use pre-order traversal. When we encounter a non-null node, we record the node's value. If it is a null node, we record using a sentinel value such as `#`.
```
     _9_
    /   \
   3     2
  / \   / \
 4   1  #  6
/ \ / \   / \
# # # #   # #
```
For example, the above binary tree can be serialized to the string `"9,3,4,#,#,1,#,#,2,#,6,#,#"`, where # represents a null node.

Given a string of comma separated values, verify whether it is a correct preorder traversal serialization of a binary tree. Find an algorithm without reconstructing the tree.

Each comma separated value in the string must be either an integer or a character `'#'` representing `null` pointer.

You may assume that the input format is always valid, for example it could never contain two consecutive commas such as `"1,,3"`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** "9,3,4,#,#,1,#,#,2,#,6,#,#"

**Output:** true

**Example 2:**

**Input:** "1,#"

**Output:** false

**Example 3:**

**Input:** "9,#,#,1"

**Output:** false

## Solution
If `preorder` is `null` has length 0, then it is not a correct preorder traversal serialization of a binary tree, so return `false`.

Use a stack to store the elements. Split `preorder` into an array using `','`. Loop over the array from left to right. If the element is not a `"#"`, then push it into the stack. If a `"#"` is met, then a null node is met. For a leaf node, both its children are `"#"`. Therefore, if two consecutive `"#"`s are met (which means the current element is a `"#"` and the element at the top of the stack is also a `"#"`), then pop two elements from the stack. If the stack's size is less than 2, then the string is not a correct preorder traversal serialization of a binary tree, so return `false`. In this way, the leaf that is visited last is replaced with a null node `"#"`. After the replacement, new leaf nodes may be introduced, so repeat the process until the element at the top of the stack is not `"#"`, and then push the current `"#"` into the stack.

After the array is looped over, the last element that is pushed into the stack should be a `"#"`. Return `true` if and only if the stack contains exactly one element and the element is `"#"`.
