# 318. Maximum Product of Word Lengths
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a string array `words`, find the maximum value of `length(word[i]) * length(word[j])` where the two words do not share common letters. You may assume that each word will contain only lower case letters. If no such two words exist, return 0.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["abcw","baz","foo","bar","xtfn","abcdef"]

**Output:** 16

**Explanation:** The two words can be "abcw", "xtfn".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** ["a","ab","abc","d","cd","bcd","abcd"]

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The two words can be "ab", "cd".

**Example 3:**

**Input:** ["a","aa","aaa","aaaa"]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** No such pair of words.

## Solution
One thing that needs to be considered in this problem is how to check whether two words share common letters. Use bit operation to implement this. Since there are 26 different letters in total, and an integer has 32 bits, it is possible to use 26 bits to represent 26 different letters. Use an array `mask` to represent the bit masks for the words. For each word, if letter `c` that ranges from `'a'` to `'z'` is in the word, then the mask of the word has bit 1 on the `c - 'a'`-th bit from the right.

After the bit masks of the words are obtained, for each pair of words, calculate the bitwise AND operation of their masks. The two words share common letters if and only if the result of bitwise AND operation is not zero. If the two words do not share common letters, calculate the product of their lengths and update the maximum product. Finally, return the maximum product.
