# 1328. Break a Palindrome
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given a palindromic string `palindrome`, replace **exactly one** character by any lowercase English letter so that the string becomes the lexicographically smallest possible string that **isn't** a palindrome.

After doing so, return the final string. If there is no way to do so, return the empty string.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** palindrome = "abccba"

**Output:** "aaccba"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** palindrome = "a"

**Output:** ""

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= palindrome.length <= 1000`
* `palindrome` consists of only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
If `palindrome` has length 1, then it is impossible to change one character to make the string not palindromic, so return the empty string.

If `palindrome` has length greater than 1, then it is always possible to change one character to make the string not palindromic.

First search in the left half of `palindrome` from left to right. If there exists a character that is not "a", then simply replace it with "a" and return the new string. Since "a" is the lexicographically smallest letter, this is guaranteed to be the lexicographically smallest possible string that isn't a palindrome.

If all letters are "a", then the new string that is not palindromic must be lexicographically greater than `palindrome`. To obtain the lexicographically smallest possible string that isn't a palindrome, replace the last character in the whole string with "b", which is the lexicographically smallest letter besides "a", and return the new string.
