# 1743. Restore the Array From Adjacent Pairs
## Level
Medium

## Description
There is an integer array `nums` that consists of `n` **unique** elements, but you have forgotten it. However, you do remember every pair of adjacent elements in `nums`.

You are given a 2D integer array `adjacentPairs` of size `n - 1` where each `adjacentPairs[i] = [u_i, v_i]` indicates that the elements `u_i` and `v_i` are adjacent in `nums`.

It is guaranteed that every adjacent pair of elements `nums[i]` and `nums[i+1]` will exist in `adjacentPairs`, either as `[nums[i], nums[i+1]]` or `[nums[i+1], nums[i]]`. The pairs can appear **in any order**.

Return *the original array `nums`. If there are multiple solutions, return **any of them***.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** adjacentPairs = [[2,1],[3,4],[3,2]]

**Output:** [1,2,3,4]

**Explanation:** This array has all its adjacent pairs in adjacentPairs.

Notice that adjacentPairs[i] may not be in left-to-right order.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** adjacentPairs = [[4,-2],[1,4],[-3,1]]

**Output:** [-2,4,1,-3]

**Explanation:** There can be negative numbers.

Another solution is [-3,1,4,-2], which would also be accepted.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** adjacentPairs = [[100000,-100000]]

**Output:** [100000,-100000]

**Constraints:**

* `nums.length == n`
* `adjacentPairs.length == n - 1`
* `adjacentPairs[i].length == 2`
* `2 <= n <= 10^5`
* `-10^5 <= nums[i], ui, vi <= 10^5`
* There exists some `nums` that has `adjacentPairs` as its pairs.

## Solution
All elements in `nums` occur twice in `adjacentPairs` except the two elements that are at the start and the end of `nums`. Therefore, start from the two elements that occur only once in `adjacentPairs`, put them at index 0 and index `n - 1` of `nums` respectively. The two elements at indices 1 and `n - 2` can be determined as well. For `i` from 1 to `n - 2`, obtain the adjacent numbers of `nums[i]` and set `nums[i + 1]` as the remaining element (that is differnet from `nums[i - 1]`). Finally, return `nums`.
