# 1402. Reducing Dishes
## Level
Hard

## Description
A chef has collected data on the `satisfaction` level of his `n` dishes. Chef can cook any dish in 1 unit of time.

*Like-time coefficient* of a dish is defined as the time taken to cook that dish including previous dishes multiplied by its satisfaction level i.e. `time[i]`*`satisfaction[i]`

Return the maximum sum of *Like-time coefficient* that the chef can obtain after dishes preparation.

Dishes can be prepared in **any** order and the chef can discard some dishes to get this maximum value.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** satisfaction = [-1,-8,0,5,-9]

**Output:** 14

**Explanation:** After Removing the second and last dish, the maximum total Like-time coefficient will be equal to (-1*1 + 0*2 + 5*3 = 14). Each dish is prepared in one unit of time.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** satisfaction = [4,3,2]

**Output:** 20

**Explanation:** Dishes can be prepared in any order, (2*1 + 3*2 + 4*3 = 20)

**Example 3:**

**Input:** satisfaction = [-1,-4,-5]

**Output:** 0

**Explanation:** People don't like the dishes. No dish is prepared.

**Example 4:**

**Input:** satisfaction = [-2,5,-1,0,3,-3]

**Output:** 35

**Constraints:**

* `n == satisfaction.length`
* `1 <= n <= 500`
* `-10^3 <= satisfaction[i] <= 10^3`

## Solution
If two dishes `a` and `b` are cooked, where `a < b`, then `a * n + b * (n + 1) > b * n + a * (n + 1)`, so to obtain the maximum sum of Like-time coefficient, the dishes should be cooked in the order such that satisfaction levels are sorted in ascending order. Also, all dishes with non-negative satisfaction levels should be cooked to maximize the sum of Like-time coefficient.

Sort `satisfaction` in ascending order and find the index of the first non-negative element. If all elements are negative, then no dish is prepared, so return 0. Otherwise, starting from the first non-negative element, calculate the sum of Like-time coefficient, and calculate the sum of all non-negative elements in `satisfaction` as well. For the negative elements in `satisfaction`, if a negative element is introduced, add the negative element to the sum of elements and add the sum (after updating) to the sum of Like-time coefficient, with the maximum sum of Like-time coefficient updated. Finally, return the maximum sum of Like-time coefficient updated.
