# 1218. Longest Arithmetic Subsequence of Given Difference
## Level
Medium

## Description
Given an integer array `arr` and an integer `difference`, return the length of the longest subsequence in `arr` which is an arithmetic sequence such that the difference between adjacent elements in the subsequence equals `difference`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** arr = [1,2,3,4], difference = 1

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The longest arithmetic subsequence is [1,2,3,4].

**Example 2:**

**Input:** arr = [1,3,5,7], difference = 1

**Output:** 1

**Explanation:** The longest arithmetic subsequence is any single element.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** arr = [1,5,7,8,5,3,4,2,1], difference = -2

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** The longest arithmetic subsequence is [7,5,3,1].

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= arr.length <= 10^5`
* `-10^4 <= arr[i], difference <= 10^4`

## Solution
Use dynamic programming. Create an array `subLengths` of length `arr.length`, where `subLengths[i]` represents the length of the longest arithmetic subsequence with difference `difference` that ends at index `i`. Use a map to store each number and the **last** index that the number occurs. Initially, set `subLengths[0] = 1` and put the key-value pair `(arr[0], 0)` into the map.

Loop over `arr` starting from index 1. At each index `i`, obtain the number at index `i` and the previous number in the arithmetic subsequence. If the previous number exists in the key set of the map, then obtain the previous number's index `prevIndex` and the previous subsequence length `subLengths[prevIndex]`, set `subLengths[i] = subLengths[prevIndex] + 1`, and update the maximum length of arithmetic subsequence as well. If the previous number does not exist in the key set of the map, then simply set `subLengths[i] = 1`. For each index `i`, put the key-value pair `(arr[i], i)` into the map.

Finally, return the maximum length of arithmetic subsequence.
