# 1657. Determine if Two Strings Are Close
## Level
Medium

## Description
Two strings are considered **close** if you can attain one from the other using the following operations:

* Operation 1: Swap any two **existing** characters.
   * For example, `abcde -> aecdb`
* Operation 2: Transform **every** occurrence of one **existing** character into another **existing** character, and do the same with the other character.
   * For example, `aacabb -> bbcbaa` (all `a`'s turn into `b`'s, and all `b`'s turn into `a`'s)

You can use the operations on either string as many times as necessary.

Given two strings, `word1` and `word2`, return `true` *if `word1` and `word2` are **close**, and `false` otherwise*.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** word1 = "abc", word2 = "bca"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** You can attain word2 from word1 in 2 operations.

Apply Operation 1: "abc" -> "acb"

Apply Operation 1: "acb" -> "bca"

**Example 2:**

**Input:** word1 = "a", word2 = "aa"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It is impossible to attain word2 from word1, or vice versa, in any number of operations.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** word1 = "cabbba", word2 = "abbccc"

**Output:** true

**Explanation:** You can attain word2 from word1 in 3 operations.

Apply Operation 1: "cabbba" -> "caabbb"

Apply Operation 2: "caabbb" -> "baaccc"

Apply Operation 2: "baaccc" -> "abbccc"

**Example 4:**

**Input:** word1 = "cabbba", word2 = "aabbss"

**Output:** false

**Explanation:** It is impossible to attain word2 from word1, or vice versa, in any amount of operations.

**Constraints:**

* `1 <= word1.length, word2.length <= 10^5`
* `word1` and `word2` contain only lowercase English letters.

## Solution
If two strings are close, then they must have the same length. Therefore, if the lengths of `word1` and `word2` are different, return `false`.

Also, if two strings are close, they they must contain the same letters, without considering the letters' number of occurrences. That is, for any letter, either it exists in both strings, or it does not exist in any of the strings. Therefore, if there exists a letter that is in `word1` but not in `word2` or vice versa, return `false`.

Obtain the number of occurrences of the letters in `word1` and `word2`, and use two arrays `counts1` and `counts2` to store the number of occurrences, respectively. Sort the two arrays and check whether they are the same after sorting. Return `true` if and only if they are the same after sorting.
