# 948. Bag of Tokens
## Level
Medium

## Description
You have an initial power `P`, an initial score of `0` points, and a bag of tokens.

Each token can be used at most once, has a value `token[i]`, and has potentially two ways to use it.

* If we have at least `token[i]` power, we may play the token face up, losing `token[i]` power, and gaining `1` point.
* If we have at least `1` point, we may play the token face down, gaining `token[i]` power, and losing `1` point.

Return the largest number of points we can have after playing any number of tokens.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** tokens = [100], P = 50

**Output:** 0

**Example 2:**

**Input:** tokens = [100,200], P = 150

**Output:** 1

**Example 3:**

**Input:** tokens = [100,200,300,400], P = 200

**Output:** 2

**Note:**

1. `tokens.length <= 1000`
2. `0 <= tokens[i] < 10000`
3. `0 <= P < 10000`

## Solution
Use greedy algorithm. If it is possible to play a token face up, then always use the token with the least value so the power lost is the least. If it is possible to play a token face down, then always use the token with the greatest value so the power gained is the greatest.

Sort the array `tokens` and use two pionters `low` and `high`, which initially point to 0 and `tokens.length - 1` respectively. The two pointers mean the next token to be played face up or face down, respectively.

The condition that the game continues is `low <= high`. If `low == high`, then both pointers point to the same token, which can either be played face up or face down (but not both), so the game still continues. First consider playing a token with the least value face up to lose power and gain 1 point. If it is not possible to play a token face up, then consider playing a token with the most value to gain power and lose 1 point. Store the maximum points that can have during the game.

Finally, return the maximum points.
