# 906. Super Palindromes
## Level
Hard

## Description

Let's say a positive integer is a *superpalindrome* if it is a palindrome, and it is also the square of a palindrome.

Now, given two positive integers `L` and `R` (represented as strings), return the number of superpalindromes in the inclusive range `[L, R]`.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** L = "4", R = "1000"

**Output:** 4

**Explanation:** 4, 9, 121, and 484 are superpalindromes.
Note that 676 is not a superpalindrome: 26 * 26 = 676, but 26 is not a palindrome.

**Note:**

1. `1 <= len(L) <= 18`
2. `1 <= len(R) <= 18`
3. `L` and `R` are strings representing integers in the range `[1, 10^18)`.
4. `int(L) <= int(R)`

## Solution
To generate a palindrome, only the higher half part of the number needs to be maintained, and the palindrome can be generated according to whether the length of odd or even. For example, given the higher half part "123", the generated palindrome is "12321" if the length is odd, or "123321" if the length is even.

Using given `L` and `R`, calculate the range of the square roots that are palindromes. Since both `L` and `R` represent integers in the range `[1, 10^18)`, the square roots must be less than `10^9`, and the higher half part must be less than `10^5`.

Therefore, for eacn number from 1 to 99999, generate two palindromes with odd length and even length respectively, and for the two palindromes, calculate their squares. If a palindrome's square is also a palindrome, then add the counter by 1. Finally, return the counter.
