# 893. Groups of Special-Equivalent Strings
## Level
Easy

## Description
You are given an array `A` of strings.

*A move onto `S`* consists of swapping any two even indexed characters of `S`, or any two odd indexed characters of `S`.

Two strings `S` and `T` are *special-equivalent* if after any number of *moves onto `S`*, `S == T`.

For example, `S = "zzxy"` and `T = "xyzz"` are special-equivalent because we may make the moves `"zzxy" -> "xzzy" -> "xyzz"` that swap `S[0]` and `S[2]`, then `S[1]` and `S[3]`.

Now, a group of *special-equivalent strings from `A`* is a non-empty subset of A such that:

1. Every pair of strings in the group are special equivalent, and;
2. The group is the largest size possible (ie., there isn't a string S not in the group such that S is special equivalent to every string in the group)

Return the number of groups of special-equivalent strings from `A`.
 
**Example 1:**

**Input:** ["abcd","cdab","cbad","xyzz","zzxy","zzyx"]

**Output:** 3

**Explanation:**

One group is ["abcd", "cdab", "cbad"], since they are all pairwise special equivalent, and none of the other strings are all pairwise special equivalent to these.

The other two groups are ["xyzz", "zzxy"] and ["zzyx"]. Note that in particular, "zzxy" is not special equivalent to "zzyx".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** ["abc","acb","bac","bca","cab","cba"]

**Output:** 3

**Note:**

* `1 <= A.length <= 1000`
* `1 <= A[i].length <= 20`
* All `A[i]` have the same length.
* All `A[i]` consist of only lowercase letters.

## Solution
For any string, a new string can be generated from extracting all characters at even indices from the original string and sort them to form a string `str1`, extracting all characters at odd indices from the original string and sort them to form a string `str2`, and concatenating `str1` and `str2`.

Two strings are special-equivalent if and only if the new strings generated from the two strings are the same.

For each string in `A`, generate the new string and add the new string to a set. Since a set can't contain duplicates, the number of elements in the set represent the number of groups of special-equivalent strings, so return the set's size after all strings in `A` are visited.

