# 1036. Escape a Large Maze
## Level
Hard

## Description
In a 1 million by 1 million grid, the coordinates of each grid square are `(x, y)` with `0 <= x, y < 10^6`.

We start at the `source` square and want to reach the `target` square. Each move, we can walk to a 4-directionally adjacent square in the grid that isn't in the given list of `blocked` squares.

Return `true` if and only if it is possible to reach the target square through a sequence of moves.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** blocked = [[0,1],[1,0]], source = [0,0], target = [0,2]

**Output:** false

**Explanation:**

The target square is inaccessible starting from the source square, because we can't walk outside the grid.

**Example 2:**

**Input:** blocked = [], source = [0,0], target = [999999,999999]

**Output:** true

**Explanation:**

Because there are no blocked cells, it's possible to reach the target square.

**Note:**

1. `0 <= blocked.length <= 200`
2. `blocked[i].length == 2`
3. `0 <= blocked[i][j] < 10^6`
4. `source.length == target.length == 2`
5. `0 <= source[i][j], target[i][j] < 10^6`
6. `source != target`

## Solution
Since the grid is very large, directly using breadth first search is quite time-consuming. One way is to check whether the source is in a closed area and whether the target is in a closed area. Suppose there are `m` cells that are blocked. The maximum possible closed area is `m * (m - 1) / 2`.

Do breadth first search for two times. The first time search from `source` to `target`. If `target` can be reached, then return `true` without the second search. If at one step, the number of visited cells is greater than `m * (m - 1) / 2`, then the second search is required. Otherwise, return `false` without the second search.

The second time search from `target` to `source`. If at one step, the number of visited cells is greater than `m * (m - 1) / 2`, then return `true`. Otherwise, return `false`.
